stroke
solutions
panels
conclusion
composition
cancer
why ?
select Committee
screeching ancestors
redress System
house Committee
finance Committee
deviant males
bills Committees
HHART disease
Excellencies ,
who First ?
the long view
thank you .
sustainable Development Unit
six critical choices
recording kitty calls
public Accounts Committee
powers and functions
how ironic !
harmonious tripartite relationship
good morning .
good evening .
electoral Affairs Commission
collapse and ABANTONMENT
cloning and Identity
civil Service Reform
ancient Feline Friends
about the writer
a . pessimistic
REWINDING planet formation
Dear Johnston :
Dear Grandchildren ,
C . brash
B . hypocritical
= $ 1.00
＊ Strong public support
rule 3 dress appropriately
ladies and gentlemen :
hear , hear !
he hears that .
cause of death unknown
about the writer .
＊ ethos of public service
＊ Swift and severe punishment
what have they found ?
three reasons Asia will recover
the most reliable economic data
six lessons from the crisis
role of the efficiency Unit
role of the Financial Secretary
meetings of the Legislative Council
got to have everything .
drive your own car .
civil Service Training and Development
but not for long .
Committee on Rules of procedure
Committee on Members &apos; Interests
3 . conduct and discipline
1 . entry and exit
( a ) geographical constituency
( C ) Election Committee
( B ) functional constituency
&apos;WE have TO relearn HISTORY&apos;
＊ High likelihood of being caught
what is your ultimate aim ?
the Legislative Council Commission and Secretariat
so what &apos;s it for ?
role of the Central Policy Unit
personal strength : math whiz .
much love to you all ,
let a new age dawn !
how would you recognise it ?
electoral System for the Legislative Council
electoral System for the District Councils
do other animals laugh too ?
Mr.President ( of Namibia ) ,
Edward VIII December 11 , 1936
Dear Minister Mah bow Tan ,
7 . stay number one .
( part two of two )
&quot; when she died ? &quot;
&quot; knowledge is power . &quot;
&quot; it &apos;s what ? &quot;
&quot; do you Eyah ? &quot;
&quot; did it hurt ? &quot;
&quot; Hi , Windy . &quot;
＊ streamlined operations for efficiency and effectiveness
＊ Minimal opportunities and incentives for corruption
would you invest in this industry ?
what makes a teacher so special ?
what are the six critical choices ?
rule 2 flirt in a subtle way
role of the Chief Secretary for Administration
how soon would this day come ?
how have people studied those events ?
got to be first in line .
following are some examples of this :
following are excerpts of his speech :
following are excerpts of his speech .
following are excerpts of his speech .
does laughter differ between the sexes ?
did comets deliver life &apos;s components ?
dialogue is both inevitable and necessary .
cheers , Joseph Lai 16 Jan 2002
below are extracts of his speech .
Madam President ( of Finland ) ,
4 . maintain the leadership position .
3 . guard against the competitors .
2 . pay and conditions of Service
* The importance of national unity ;
&quot; why ? &quot; she asked .
&quot; what ? &quot; I say .
&quot; do you enjoy it ? &quot;
&quot; Hmm ? &quot; he murmurs .
＊ Political will and example of political leaders
your grandfather , Stuart Symington , Jr .
who will &quot; eyah &quot; his website ?
when did you build your first robot ?
what is this &quot; new stuff &quot; ?
was Kuo Pao Kun ever as fortunate ?
the vote was for Make Today Count .
the issues involved are more than sensitivities .
the following are excerpts from his speech :
the earliest signs of things being wrong ?
so why do people laugh so much ?
our education system needs to be reviewed .
other half doesn &apos;t move a muscle .
let me answer that on two levels .
it all began in the United States .
history is a constant process of reassessment .
here is food for thought for Singaporeans .
do people have &quot; laughter genes &quot; ?
but can Chinese consumers win the case ?
business philosophy : &quot; everyone counts . &quot;
a . the importance of national unity ;
D . all of the above and more
Climatological data are given in appendix 53 .
5 . sustain the number one position .
4 . performance Management , Training and Development
3 . mastery of English + extraordinary talent
1 . defend the number one position .
* The crucial role of good governance ;
( the writer is a retiree . )
( the writer is a retired lawyer )
( the writer is a retired lawyer )
( the writer is a retired lawyer )
( the writer is a retired lawyer )
( the writer is a retired lawyer )
（ The writer is a retired lawyer . ）
· The writer is a senior education officer .
what about other areas of Al and robotics ?
this is a shortcoming of our education system .
the writer is Citta Bella &apos;s lifestyle Editor .
the process of crossing boundaries is just beginning .
the laws in force in the HKSAR are :
that was way back in the early seventies .
rule 4 Don &apos;t tell all of your business
have you ever felt this way about yourself ?
good luck , and Godspeed . thank you .
following is the full text of his speech .
a typical bond ( plain vanilla ) specifies :
Q : so what &apos;s your radical prescription ?
I said , &quot; I love you . &quot;
I had many first-time experiences while touring Switzerland .
I am deeply honored to welcome you all .
B . the crucial role of good governance ;
6 . try to remain as number one .
( the writer is a retired lawyer . )
( the writer is a retired lawyer . )
( the writer is a retired lawyer . )
( the writer is a community worker . )
( the author is zaobao.com online correspondent . )
( the author is editor of Zaobao online )
&quot; where do you go to school ? &quot;
&quot; I &apos;m building &quot; , she said .
（ The writer is an insurance sales representative . ）
（ The writer is a world-renowned Nobel Prize Laureate ）
（ The writer is a retired Zaobao journalist . ）
why ? basically because I was a lazy schoolboy .
thank you . good night and God bless America .
spot the difference : what cannabis does to memory skills
rule 1 Let people know that you &apos;re available .
is it true that laughing can make us healthier ?
how do you feel about our 35th National Day ?
but it was only a brief moment of uncertainty .
but icebergs , sometimes , are dangerous to ships .
Q : what are the characteristics of the KBE ?
Q : what &apos;s your worst-case scenario for Asia ?
America has that cultural influence , he pointed out .
= $ 1.05 / ( 1 + 5 % )
1 ) Supplement courtesy Campaign with a finesse Campaign .
( the writer was a former Lianhe Zaobaojournalist . )
( the writer is a Malaysian working in Singapore )
( the witer is a retired civil servant . )
( the author is editor of thumbs up . )
( the author is correspondent with Lianhe Zaobao . )
&quot; where do you live ? &quot; I asked .
&quot; how about charades ? &quot; I asked sarcastically .
&quot; Oh yes , I &apos;d love that . &quot;
&quot; I don &apos;t know . you say . &quot;
（ The writer is a scholar doing research into electronics ）
（ The writer is a correspondent of Lianhe Zaobao . ）
（ The writer is a correspondent of Lianhe Zaobao . ）
（ The writer is Lianhe Zaobao &apos;s Jakarta correspondent . ）
（ The author is writer / sub-editor in SPH . ）
the writer is engaged in scientific research in North America .
the hardware is important , but the software is crucial .
the Speak Mandarin Campaign entered its 20th year last month .
first , do not borrow short-term to finance long-term projects ;
Tammy and Lori began to cry . mark sat motionless .
3 . which team will be afraid of making mistakes ?
2 . which team is more willing to take risks ?
( the writer is an executive reporter of Zaobao . )
( the writer is a leader writer with Lianhe Zaobao .
( the writer is a fresh graduate of NTU . )
( the writer is a correspondent of Lianhe Zaobao . )
( the writer is a correspondent of Lianhe Zaobao . )
( the writer is a correspondent of Lianhe Zaobao . )
( the writer is a correspondent of Lianhe Zaobao . )
( the writer is a correspondent of Lianhe Zaobao . )
( the writer is Lianhe Zaobao &apos;s zbNow reporter . )
( the author is a freelance writer from China . )
( the author is Lianhe Zaobao &apos;s online Editor . )
( the author is Lianhe Zaobao &apos;s Taipei correspondent . )
( the author is Lianhe Zaobao &apos;s Beijing correspondent . )
&quot; that &apos;s a joy &quot; , the child said .
&quot; no frangipanis , please ! we are Chinese ! &quot;
&quot; how are you all doing ? &quot; Lisa asked .
&quot; I don &apos;t smell anything , &quot; he replied .
（ The writer is assistant to editor , Local News . ）
（ The writer is an executive reporter of Lianhe Zaobao . ）
（ The writer is a leader writer with Lianhe Zaobao . ）
（ The writer is a Senior Sub-editor of Lianhe Zaobao . ）
would you gather to discuss a better vision for our Singapore ?
with choked throat and tearful eyes , he told his story .
with SIF contracts , such a dilemma can be easily resolved .
these tiny particles all things are made of are called atoms .
these are problems that cannot be resolved in the foreseeable future .
the consequential adjustments by the natives and newcomers are often traumatic .
some of you will even comment on how idealistic I am .
is that true ? or , do you share his observation ?
how is laughter different in people who are blind or deaf ?
he is equally scathing of anyone who dismisses his own role .
from the quotation , one can easily learn four simple lessons .
following are the highlights of reform initiatives in four main areas :
first , we face a choice between clean and corrupt government ;
but are they really having their data stolen by corporate spies ?
after all , it is a matter of taking the initiative .
Becuase it is true that nothing can be taken for granted .
4 . fluency in Chinese + fluency in English + extraordinary talent
2 . fluency in Chinese + mastery of English + extraordinary talent
1 . mastery of Chinese + mastery of English + extraordinary talent
( the writer is an executive sub-editor of Lianhe Zaobao . )
( the writer is an Executive Sub-editor of Lianhe Zaobao . )
( the writer is a scholar who engages in electronics research )
( the writer is a retired NUS professor in Malay . )
( the writer is a retired NUS Chinese philosophy professor . )
( the writer is a local businessman and an arts enthusiast )
( the writer is a leader writer with Lianhe Zaobao . )
( the writer is a Specialist writer of Lianhe Zaobao . )
( the writer is a Specialist writer of Lianhe Zaobao . )
( the writer is a Singaporean undergraduate studying in Sydney . )
( the writer is a Senior Sub-editor of Lianhe Zaobao . )
( the writer is Assistant manager , Corporate Relations of SPH )
( the author is an expatriate artist living in Singapore . )
( the author is Equity manager of Rothschild Asset Management . )
( the anthor is Lianhe Zaobao &apos;s correspondent in HK . )
( an abridged version of the article by Gao Feng . )
&quot; thanks , &quot; he says . and then mutters something .
&quot; Oh yes , Mrs. Peterson , please come in . &quot;
（ The writer is an assistant manager of corporate relations in SPH ）
（ The author is a Resouce Panelist for SPH &apos;s Chinese newspapers ）
they knew who Sartre Jean-Paul was and understood what France had lost .
then , some time around 15,000 years ago , the dam broke .
the writer is Assistant Editor ( Business desk ) , Lianhe Zaobao .
the five &quot; ingredients &quot; Singapore needs to become the modern Venice :
struck dumb , I groped for a chair . my breath caught .
she nodded . &quot; none of us wanted to worry you . &quot;
other half : &quot; I don &apos;t remember you telling me . &quot;
other half ( anxious ) : &quot; leave for where tonight ? &quot;
from previous experience tinned food is the most suitable in these situations .
and unlike et , this &quot; alien &quot; won &apos;t go home .
and am I the only one who has experienced the following conversation ?
all these , however , are unlikely to get the nod soon .
all of a sudden , the Chinese resentment against Japan surged up .
after the children left , she cried for at least an hour .
I thank you once more for the honour you have clone me .
Firstly , ensure that every eligible voter gets a chance to vote .
4 . which team is likely to be more innovative and creative ?
1 . which team do you think will be under greater stress ?
( the writer is a young Singaporean studying at Cornell University . )
( the writer is a retired lawyer ) translated by Yap Gee Poh
( the writer is a former MP for Marine parade GRC . )
( the writer is Investment manager of an asset management firm . )
( the writer is Assistant manager , Corporate Relations , SPH . )
&quot; what &apos;s your name ? &quot; she wouldn &apos;t give up .
&quot; what &apos;s it supposed to do ? &quot; I asked suspiciously .
&quot; okay , I guess , but I sure miss sneezing . &quot;
&quot; my life is in your hands , &quot; the man declared .
&quot; Ruth , &quot; I answered . &quot; I &apos;m Ruth Peterson .
yes , I agreed . &quot; it is best not to start ! &quot;
whether China will regain its world cultural prominence , only time will tell .
what else can we do other than finding excuses to explain things away ?
together , let us concretize the constructive partnership between China and South Africa !
those who hold this view therefore believe that values are universal in character .
therefore , investors should be mindful of the volatility of the stock market .
there , your speedy and courageous action ensured that the enemy was defeated .
the suggestion of a co-evolution between people and domesticated animals is not new .
the Nanyang arch is no old beauty languishing over never-to-be-found-again loves and conquests .
that was adding insult to injury . even more Chinese people were infuriated .
she said : &quot; yes . my child has given up learning . &quot;
once again , the paleodimate record may contain clues to the Tiwanaku collapse .
of course , still having enviably well preserved &quot; shoulders &quot; also helps .
me ( excited ) : &quot; what time shall we leave tonight ? &quot;
know the weather , know the terrain , and your victory be complete .
in comparison , the media war here appears tame and much less intense .
democracy as practised in the Philippines really makes a mockery of the system !
by now , some of you reading this may think that I &apos;m :
and the whole together is stronger than any single one of the parts .
Thirdly , the ratio of GRCs and SMCs should be 3 to 1 .
Singaporeans in cultural circles have reacted with mixed feelings of joy and sorrow .
I look over at Other half and feel a great dollop of affection .
I cannot help comparing education in Singapore with that in those two schools .
Canadian ice dancers Shae-Lynn Bourne and Victor Kraatz perform their second long program .
5 . people with special talents , like artists , sportsmen , etc .
( the writer is the Deputy Chief Executive Officer of Care corner Ltd )
( the writer is a resource panellist of SPH &apos;s Chinese newspapers . )
( the writer is a postgraduate student of Peking University , China . )
( the writer is a correspondent of Lianhe Zaobao &apos;s Political desk . )
&quot; is it really difficult to learn ? &quot; was my concerned reply .
（ The writer is an investment consultant . translated by Yap Gee Poh . ）
（ The writer is a research fellow at Taiwan &apos;s National Chengchi University . ）
（ The writer is a graduate from a university in the United Kingdom . ）
（ The writer is a Senior correspondent of Lianhe Zaobao &apos;s Political desk . ）
（ The author is the former Editor-in-Chief of the Straits Times group of newspapers ）
we hear that 35 people were killed , including a woman and a child .
this goal , however , looks increasingly distant and unachievable in today &apos;s Taiwan .
third , do not mis-allocate your capital and resources soas to create asset bubbles ;
the third thing the Net does is that it redefines traditional models of distribution .
the rate at which scientific knowledge is increasing is going up all the time .
the Administration Division provides administrative , personnel and financial support services for the department .
so , are the kids &apos; parents － or even grandparents － to blame ?
secondly , the Non-Constituency Member of Parliament system should replace the nominated MP scheme .
present Value = sum of future cash flows / ( 1 + interest rate )
me ( very clearly ) : &quot; that &apos;s because you never listen ! &quot;
machines that &quot; talk &quot; are now commonplace , thanks to advances in technology .
leadership has become the universal vitamin C pill . people seem to want megadoses .
is it available ? peacock technology is currently offered at 77 U.S. medical centers .
his name will endure through the ages , and so also will his work !
fortunately , there are signs that we are fast putting this era behind us .
as soon as I get out of the plane , I smelled something peculiar .
Q : why didn &apos;t the approach that worked in Mexico work in Asia ?
I shall attempt to put our country &apos;s talent into the following broad categories :
I believe that these are all good models of different forms of international cooperation .
( the writer is a correspondent with the Political desk , Lianhe Zaobao . )
( the writer is a Senior correspondent of Lianhe Zaobao &apos;s Political desk . )
( the writer is a PhD student at Taiwan &apos;s National Chengchi University . )
( the writer is Zaobao &apos;s Manila correspondent . translated by Yap Gee Poh )
&quot; see that . what is it ? &quot; I asked , not caring .
&quot; of course it hurt ! &quot; I snapped . then I strode off .
&quot; did what hurt ? &quot; I was exasperated with her , with myself .
（ The writer is a researcher at China &apos;s Shanxi Institute of Social Sciences . ）
（ The writer is a junior College student . translated by Yap Gee Poh . ）
· The writer is a correspondent of Lianhe Zaobao . translated by Yap Gee Poh .
· The author is editor of thumbs up , a weekly newspaper for Primary pupils .
you see ? a nice trip to the theatre reduced to marital disintegration in minutes .
watch your drink all night to avoid being drugged and / or taken advantage of .
this has contributed greatly to the Jewish people &apos;s success in science and financial fields .
there is a second set of important global challenges and they concern peace and security .
then we can hope to score even more and greater achievements in the coming century .
their present knowledge is inadequate in two areas : our history and our current situation .
the ISU Grand Prix final is held in Kitchener , Ontario , the past weekend .
shorter maturity bonds are typically less price-sensitive to interest rate changes than long maturity bonds .
she handed me a smeared envelope , whit MRS.P printed in bold , childish letters .
second , let me approach the question on a somewhat deeper and more philosophical level .
not to give a child a Chinese name is a simple act that speaks volumes .
just look at those apparently impressive constructions which proved to be fragile in an earthquake .
investors may find this statement hard to swallow , given the current stock market rally .
here are 10 common hair problems and what they could mean about your general health .
he who knows himself but not the enemy has only an even chance of winning .
big decisions . because control of the customer information means control of the customer relationship .
below are just a few of the activities for which specialized weather services are provided .
agree to meet in a well-lit public area , steer clear of dark movie houses .
President of the University of Beijing , members of faculty and students , distinguished guests ,
I woke him and asked everybody to get dressed warmly in case the soldiers came .
I have personally learnt six lessons from the crisis . what are the six lessons ?
I believe more and more people today are crying out &quot; money no enough . &quot;
( the writer is assistant to editor , Local News desk , Lianhe Zaobao . )
( the writer is a final-year student at NTU &apos;s School of Communication Studies . )
( the writer is a consultant on investment in China . translated by Allen Zhuang )
&quot; there &apos;s defimite odor that I &apos;m not familiar with , &quot; I said .
&quot; know your enemy , know yourself , and your victory will not be threatened .
&quot; I don &apos;t go to school . Mommy says we &apos;re on vacation . &quot;
（ The writer is an assistant professor at the NTU &apos;s School of Communication Studies . ）
（ The witer is an assistant professor at the NTU &apos;s School of Communication Studies . ）
where are you looking for the &quot; stuff &quot; Are we talldng cellular or sub-cellular mechanisms ?
this is like the saying : &quot; a confused army provides victory for the enemy &quot; .
the tinkling laughter burst forth again . &quot; I don &apos;t know what that is . &quot;
the government should consider offering such language courses since they will obviously benefit our multi-racial society .
the following examples will illustrate how changes in YTM or market interest rates affect bond prices .
tell friends where you will be going , with whom and when to expect you home .
surely , while most intellectuals cannot bear the aggressiveness of Bill , they admire his generosity .
sometime , somewhere , someone will generate a cloned human bekig . what will happen then ?
perhaps we should re-adjust our expectations of the way things should be and re-evaluate every possibility .
perhaps the day will come when people will be able to breathe clean air in cities .
over the years , through patient nation-building , we have brought our different communities closer together .
other interests : Owns-six cars , including a 1932 Cadillac Phaeton . shoots quail . Golfs .
meanwhile , 200,000 Chinese consumers using the same product did not receive any notice from Toshiba .
me ( beautifully pronouced , with choice semaphore ) : &quot; I want a divorce . &quot;
in particular , help us make a reality of the new relationship between Africa and Asia !
in our earlier example , the present val-ue of $ 1 was therefore obtained from : -
he who knows not the enemy and himself is bound to perish in all battles . &quot;
finally , the higher the volatility of the share price , the more valuable the option .
bring two pairs of shoes : one for sight-seeing and a dressier pair for evenings out .
after all , the corner of free speech will be important only in a symbolic sense .
action against loan-sharks continued to be a high priority . several syndicates were neutralised and convicted .
a new generation of treatments has joined the fight against stroke , cancer and heart disease .
Market-wise , stock prices of China-related Internet companies have been escalating in the past few months .
I believe that a phoenix that rises from its ashes will be even more dazzlingly beautiful .
Hong Kong athletes participated in several high-profile international sporting events in 1997 and enjoyed significant success .
* The imperative for Singapore to maintain its pre-eminence as an international trading and financial centre .
( the writer is an expatriate artist living in Singapore . translated by Yap Gee Poh )
( the writer is an Executive Sub-editor of Lianhe Zaobao . translated by Yap Gee Poh )
( the writer is Lianhe Zaobao &apos;s art journalist . translated by Yap Gee Poh . )
( the writer is Assistant to Editor ( Local News desk ) , Lianhe Zaobao . )
( the writer is Asistant to Editor , ( Foreign desk ) , Lianhe Zaobao . )
( the author is editor of thumbs up , a weekly newspaper for primary pupils . )
&quot; you &apos;re getting deaf in your old age , &quot; I pronounce loudly and clearly .
&quot; yes , and yesterday and the day before that and-- Ho , go away ! &quot;
&quot; mine &apos;s Wendy . &quot; it sounded like Windy . &quot; and I &apos;m six .
&quot; it &apos;s a joy . my Mama says sandpipers come to bring us joy . &quot;
&quot; if the army is confused and suspicious , the neighbouring states will surely create trouble .
&quot; all the time . there are some days when that &apos;s all you do . &quot;
&quot; Oh , &quot; she said quietly , &quot; then this is a bad day . &quot;
&quot; Hello , Mrs.P , &quot; She said . &quot; do you want to play ? &quot;
whether the Western media will ever modify its biased views on Singapore , only time will tell .
what should I do ? retain the red door ? eat humble pie and paint it over ?
what are some of the attributes of a compassionate community , and how does Singapore measure up ?
this has been repeatedly borne out by reports on Chinese-medium-educated students winning prizes in International Mathematics Olympiads .
then , most important of all , the water must be made free from contamination from sewage .
their reasons : the huge number of Chinese-speakers , and the powerful attraction of China &apos;s market .
the young , however , seems to embrace the new millennium and all new excitements it promises .
the hope is that it will make learning Chinese much easier . but hanyu pinyin remains controversial .
that sounds good , I though , and slipped off my shoes . a sandpiper glided by .
red doors and green hats ! my periodic awakenings to things Chinese have always been colourful experiences !
perhaps the way Princeton conducts its second language programme might be instructive for our situation in Singapore .
other radioactive elements have been discovered since : actinium , radiothorium and mesothorium , ionium , etc .
other half heroically tears his eyes away from the screen . &quot; Hmm ? &quot; he repeats .
most people in the West , including its intellectuals , still regard Asia and Asians as inferior .
it also gave 114 free performances and workshops in schools and community art centres to 57041 people .
here , I would like to highlight three challenges in the process of development of cultural traditions .
have we come far since then ? can we really build super- smart robots using current techniques ?
give out an e-mail address or a pager number to prevent someone from getting your home address .
besides , we may have so over-simplified certain procedures that some services have become rigid and inflexible .
besides , Nanyang Press , a profitable listed company , provides MCA an additional source of funds .
because Teddy was a sullen little boy , no one else seemed to enjoy him , either .
as I see it , it is impossible to understand today &apos;s China without knowing its history .
TOBHIBA , the Japanese electronics giant , has offended and angered the Chinese in the past month .
I think there will be unprecedented and far-reaching effects on China &apos;s political landscape in five areas .
I suppose that there are different brands of Chinese-ness depending on dialectal origins , education and professions .
I &apos;m fretting about seemingly immovable and unchangeable stone bench values like apathy , passivity , indifference .
E . the imperative for Singapore to maintain its pre-eminence as an international trading and financial centre .
( the writer is editor of thumbs up , a weekly Chinese-language newspaper for primary pupils . )
( the writer is doing his Ph.D at the NUS . translated by Yap Gee Poh . )
( the writer is a final year student at the School of Communication Studies , NTU . )
( the writer is a Senior Sub-editor of Lianhe Zaobao . translated by Yap Gee Poh . )
( the writer is U.S. Ambassador to Singapore . he contributed this comment to Lianhe Zaobao . )
( the writer is Director , MSc in Applied Finance Program at the National University of Singapore )
( the writer is Advisor-External Affairs , Sustainable Development &amp; HSE-Shell Gas &amp; Power , North Asia )
( the author is a post-graduate student in business policy at the National University of Singapore . )
( the Chinese original was published in the April issue of Taiwan &apos;s Global Vista Monthly . )
&quot; what did you have in mind ? &quot; I asked , with a twinge of annoyance .
&quot; what &apos;s that smell ? &quot; I asked the man who met me at the plane .
&quot; the discriminative treatment by Toshiba has enraged all Chinese , &quot; said an editor &apos;s note .
&quot; Wendy died last week , Mrs.Peterson. She had leukemia . maybe she didn &apos;t tell you .
&quot; Oh , I don &apos;t know . I just like the feel of the sand . &quot;
yet I did sense a drawback of Singapore , a feeling not strong and yet real in me .
what lessons did I learn from my visit to and readings on Venice which are relevant to Singapore ?
true , Hong Kong has enjoyed its own counterpart of the Speakers &apos; corner for a long time .
this could be because what we value and monumentalise at that time might be different then from now .
they consider this tradition an anachronism as these social calls can easily be made anytime outside the festival .
these fresh experiences speak volumes about the openness , democracy , and warm hospitality of the Swiss people .
there have been two other mishaps in the 18 months running up to the launch of euro notes .
the reports of all direct investigations completed are available for public scrutiny at the Office &apos;s Resource Centre .
the question of how open the media can be is closely related to the maturity of a society .
the other issue , far more fundamental , is the apparent dilemma between ethnic rootedness and national identity .
the issue on the perceived marginalisation of the Malays in Singapore had certainly opened a floodgate of emotions .
the doctor revealed an embarrassing fact : some Singaporeans are still obsessed with a lingering sense of self-depreciation .
the ability of Singaporean Chinese to communicate and network with Chinese communities elsewhere is therefore an important advantage .
the Planning , Environment and lands Bureau of the Government Secretariat has overall policy responsibility for the environment .
that , my friends , is what the peoples expect of us . let us not disappoint them .
secondly , what can we do and how do we bring about the ideal person and ideal life ?
personal GOAL : &quot; maintain my curiosity . &quot; ( he &apos;s obsessed with continuing his education . )
one example is the tendency to regard the tudung as a symbol of repression and backwardness by non-Muslims .
let us move , on our own accord , with the community , expecting nothing but seeing everything .
in the event that you decide to invest , here is a list of pitfalls you should avoid :
in addition , an applicant who was paid retrenchment benefit should be entitled to withdraw a smaller sum .
if there was hanyu pinyin in my time , I would have learnt so much from Lao Shi .
however , it is certainly unthinkable that a weekly magazine alone can change the reading habits of Singaporeans .
how many S. R. Nathans we can have in the future is an issue for concern among Singaporeans .
got to make sure my child gets only the best tutors so he will be first in standard .
consider further that art connects us to one another where language and law is unable to do so .
but to build a more vibrant and dynamic society , Singaporeans must overcome this feeling of needless fear .
brilliant idea ! we are going to have another language campaign , to wit , speak better English .
as the TV productions are done as an extracurricular activity , the students &apos; schoolwork is not compromised .
as such , the campaign during its initial period left a number of sociological and sociolinguistic questions unanswered .
another difference between investing in options and the underlying share arises from the limited life of the option .
although most apparent , this is not the only reason for the remarkable success of internationally based research .
a love for fireworks , National Day songs and the flag-bearing helicopters had everything to do with it .
a bigger cake , or a smaller one ? sensible Singaporeans are sure to make the right choice .
I returned home safely and covering the crash allowed me to gain a better understanding of the disaster .
Cornell researcher seeks to prove How cats manipulate People . is your cat trying to tell you something ?
13.If a friend suggests that you have a drinking problem , take the comment seriously and get help .
( the writer is an SPH scholar . she is now attached to Zaobao &apos;s Commentary desk . )
( the writer is an SPH scholar . she is now attached to Zaobao &apos;s Commentary desk . )
( the writer is an Associate Professor at NUS Business School , Dept of Finance &amp; Accounting . )
( the writer is a scholar engages in analytical work in a telecommunications company in the United States )
( the writer is a final year student at the School of Communication and Information , NTU . )
( the author is visiting professor of physics at NUS and member of Chinese newspapers Resource Panel . )
&quot; go , &quot; I said in my most magnanimous voice . &quot; we &apos;ll be fine . &quot;
we therefore call on you , as intellectuals , to help formulate policies that will help realize these ideals .
we drove in silence . about fifteen minutes later he asked , &quot; How do you feel now ? &quot;
we believe that with the general improvement in educational standards , Singaporeans will have different demands about open debate .
today , I pride myself as a product of a Chinese-speaking family who can handle both languages fairly well .
to play a key role in the global knowledge economy , we must grasp the following four major factors .
to enhance community sports development , the Provisional Urban Council Inter-District Sports Competition involving seven sports competitions was organised .
the wet weather continued into February . the monthly rainfall totaled 111.7 millimetres which was 63.7 millimetres above normal .
the spirit of innovation , in particular , may well become the leader among a host of emerging values .
the school provides limited funds plus basic facilities such as a simple film studio and tolerable equipment of post-production .
the reason is : minority syndrome . this syndrome actually highlights the debilitating internal effects of self-pity and self-defeat .
the first and hardest step comes with accepting the flaws in ourselves , so we can start to change .
the department enforces legislation to safeguard the integrity of Hong Kong &apos;s trade ( see also Chapter 7 ) .
some critics might accuse you of getting religious when you talk about this mystical &quot; stuff &quot; out there .
some 1200 travel agents are licensed under the travel agents ordinance to conduct Hong Kong &apos;s outbound travel business .
she was building a sand castle or something and looked up , her eyes as blue as the sea .
production and services provided by correctional Services Industries in 1997 were equivalent to $ 433 million in commercial value .
of course , an educator is different from an administrator . but which is more needed for our schools ?
now that the congratulations have been made , I &apos;m obliged by tradition to give you some sagely advice .
no area in the world is completely free of air pollution . we must take measures to control it .
nevertheless , I feel that to realise the objective of creative thinking , a few steps should be considered :
it was really unfortunate that America was shamed on Sep 11 through the sacrifice of so many innocent lives .
ironically , the key to effective flirting is to make it appear that you &apos;re not actually doing it .
if more comets turn out to be like C / linear , however , that hypothesis may require revision .
if circumstances do not improve , we should not be surprised to see the standard of Chinese slide further .
here is a story about the large ship , the Titanic . she was damaged by a great iceberg .
here , therefore , we have a true radioactivity which is made evident by the emission of positive electrons .
headlines became heart-stirring , like this one : &quot; Toshiba pays damages to Americans , not to Chinese ! &quot;
having said all that , I would now like to offer some suggestions for the teaching of hanyu pinyin .
fortunately , equally bemused Chinese Studies graduate colleagues who find the taboos beyond belief provide a source of vindication .
claim One : critical skifis related to attention , memory and learning are impaired among heavy users of marijuana .
but a truly compassionate society transcends beyond philanthropy , helping the handicapped , being public-spirited or kind to others .
an inter-departmental working group has been formed to give advice and co-ordinate resources to safeguard a clean marine environment .
a KMT member , Taipei mayor Ma , is one of the hot favourites in the next presidential election .
I think whether the cross-strait relations can remain stable and peaceful is of utmost importance to Taiwan &apos;s developments .
I nodded stupidly ， my mind racing for something , anything , to say to this lovely young woman .
I looked around and eventhing appeared crystal clear. it was a strange sensation and made me feel very uncomfortable .
Hitchcock found a surprising degree of congruence between the personal and societal values of Northeast Asians and Southeast Asians .
( the writer is a postgraduate student of Peking University , China . translated by Yap Gee Poh . )
( the writer , an engineer with SPH print Centre , came to Singapore from China in 1994 . )
( the author was a journalist in Hong Kong , and is now a sub-editor with Lianhe Zaobao . )
( the author was a journalist in Hong Kong , and is now a sub-editor with Lianhe Zaobao . )
&quot; not at this time of day . I might be able to find a truck for you . &quot;
&quot; he who has a thorough knowledge of the enemy and himself is bound to win in all battles .
when I put the suggestions to a vote , the other seventeen hands were raised in support of my choice .
what do you mean when you say in your book that there &apos;s something vital missing from Ai and robotics ?
to sum up , the five lessons which I have learnt from ancient Venice which are relevant to Singapore are :
to provide weather forecasts and warnings of hazardous weather , the Hong Kong Observatory maintains a close Meteorological watch round-the-clock .
third , 78 % of the Americans compared to 29 % of the Asians emphasised the importance of individual rights .
they will also deal the remnants of the planned economy and the government system propping it up a final blow .
there is an inescapable tension faced by all governmentsin reconciling their commitment to principles and the interests of the state .
there are yet two other and more significant justifications for enlarging the constituency of organized research to an intemational dimension .
there are many examples of mis-translations or bad translations because the translators were ignorant of the cultural differences between languages .
the golden wings of flight SQ006 and the airline &apos;s 28-year perfect safety record have been wrecked by typhoon Xangsane .
the competitiveness of our schools has made Singaporean students world-renowned for their academic prowess , especially in mathematics and science .
the Legislative Council Secretariat is headed by the Secretary General . it provides support services to the Legislative Council through :
the Kadi replied , &quot; What &apos;s done cannot be undone . that &apos;s the judgment of the Koran . &quot;
the HKSAR continues to play an active role in the international arena and maintains close contact with its international partners .
the Arab started to say , &quot; But , according to our decree ... &quot; and peeked at the Kadi .
students of Chinese history will also find that the unification ideal carries with it associated ideas of continuity and orthodoxy .
second , do not allow the total of your corporate debt toexceed the total of your country &apos;s foreign reserves ;
second , 82 % of the Americans compared to 32 % of the Asians emphasised the importance of personal freedom .
politically , we wish to promote democratic institutions not only by example , but also by direct support and encouragement .
other half : &quot; I listen to everything you say . you must have just forgotten to tell me . &quot;
more importantly , there is a need to correct the prejudice against the Chinese language that exists in this industry .
many Singaporean Muslims already believe that there is a gap in understanding of the important basic practises of their faith .
just learning the language is not enough . there should also be a basic understanding of the culture behind it .
is Hanjin Shipping &apos;s decision to stay testimony to the effectiveness of a series of measures announced by PSA recently ?
in each occasion there is an affirmation that by together advancing knowledge we can extend the frontiers of human freedom .
in China , it takes proof of &quot; actual losses &quot; to win a lawsuit over compensation for damage caused .
fourth , abolish the phenomenon of crony capitalism because it creates the illusion of strong , competitive and profitable companies ;
for that reason , parents take the language subject seriously . some engage tutors to help their children at home .
comets split apart occasionally , but no other comet on record has thoroughly disintegrated , as C / linear did .
Rodent with newly developed brain implants and radio backpack could be used to find earthquake victims or detect land mines .
Q : would you also be suggesting this for an economy like Singapore , where domestic demand is relatively small ?
Mencius encouraged the expression of compassion , humanity and human dignity to make for a truly &quot; human &quot; society .
I would like to express some of my personal views on this matter of attracting talent in science and technology .
11.Accept a drink only if you really want one . when you &apos;ve reached your limit , politely refuse refills .
( the writer is Senior Fellow of the National Institute of Education and a SPH Chinese newspapers resource panellist . )
&quot; then let &apos;s just walk . &quot; looking at her , I noticed the delicate fairness of her face .
&quot; I wish , &quot; the boy went on , &quot; that I could be a brother like that . &quot;
you may say I &apos;m making the school system a scapegoat . but I do have my reasons for saying so .
why do they relish picking on Singapore ? the reasons are manifold but , I believe , the following are relevant .
what we have now is perhaps just a &quot; cosmopolitan &quot; city with little feelings for the past and cultural foundation .
what makes China think so highly of South-East Asia ? here I would like to offer my two cents &apos; worth .
we must therefore constantly strengthen our traditional values and virtues of various ethnic communities and avoid becoming &quot; rootless duckweeds &quot; .
we do not believe that this Nobel Peace Prize is intended as a commendation for matters that have happened and passed .
try to stay short term and look to lock in for those longer maturities sometime next year after yields have rebounded .
to recapitulate , Asians emphasise the importance of orderly society whereas Americans emphasise the importance of personal freedom and individual rights .
times are tough , but that doesn &apos;t mean your money , and especially your retirement savings , can &apos;t grow .
through this system , Shell has created a solid management foundation that works efficiently in any country regardless of language issues .
this shows that they do not share the terrorists &apos;agenda though they share the same faith . America must understand this .
this is the world of reference of economic development theorists . maybe a few specialists in regional theories are also involved .
this is something that Singaporeans who have grown used to affluence and have little experiences with natural calamities should ponder about .
this happened half a century ago . the American society has since undergone tremendous changes , and so has the media .
the second question which I would like to address is : &quot; what lessons have I learnt from the crisis ? &quot;
the councils regularly organise learn-to-swim classes . more than 42300 people attended 2243 swimming classes and training programmes during the year .
the basics for maintaining integrity in the public service remain unchanged and must continue to be pursued with vigour and commitment :
the Dayan answered , &quot; There &apos;s no dry cake without crumbs and there &apos;s no problem without a solution . &quot;
the Chrismas Eve , Paul learned what Jesus meant when he had said , &quot; It is more blessed to give .
the Chinese journalists rejected the explanation . &quot; you despise Chinese people ! &quot; some one shouted during the press conference .
seeking ways of reducing tensions and resolving conflicts in a peaceful manner must , of course , be our priority goal .
second love : music , ranging from gospel to rock and roll . saw Elton John perform in Atlanta this winter .
on the other hand , people from China and Taiwan are amazed that I speak Mandarin as well as they can .
now the memories have been revived by the recent controversy over the &quot; intended &quot; bond-breaking by a number of scholars .
now that the language has become a business imperative , it is time that we start to appreciate the language more .
not only are there differences between Chinese and English , there are differences within each of the two languages as well .
next year , we shall depict a riot of flowers on our calendar . I already hear voices in my head .
medicated shampoos will help , including Zine pyrithione or selenium sulphide , and even stronger shampoos containing tar or salicylic acid .
keep repeating the process , extending your ladder and only exposing a small portion of your money to potentially low rates .
it remains to be seen if the phenomenon of undergraduates speaking Mandarin in the campus will also be &quot; corrected &quot; .
in their news reports , the American media is becoming used to &quot; excluding &quot; or &quot; including &quot; the issues .
in the words of Goethe : that which thy fathers bequeathed thee , earn it anew if you would possess it .
in the coastal cities of Qingdao and Dalian in China , the changing rooms at the beaches are very profitable businesses .
in my frequent travels overseas , the Singaporean identity instantly commands respect , admiration and sometimes even awe from non Singaporeans .
garbage from food can be changed into fertilizer . but first you have to fish out all the glass and metal .
each one involves a relationship between peoples , in this case the people of South Africa and the people of China .
but on the whole , many non-Muslims seemed to sympathise with their Muslim friends for being thrust into the limelight involuntarily .
at the other extreme are religious extremists who interpret religion so rigidly that they fail to be true to Islamic ideals .
at that time , it was probably out of curiosity and a lust for excitement that attracted them to those rallies .
art makes it possible to grasp the impossible , for lack of language , lack of knowledge or lack of technology .
accepting the fact that accidents can happen to SIA planes does not mean a loss of confidence in the national carrier .
Singaporeans need to treasure the memorial hall as our historical heritage . we need to value it and care for it .
Prof Wu Jingming of China Politics and Law University condemned Toshiba &apos;s handling of the matter as &quot; flagrant discrimination &quot; .
Operatic offerings included a newly commissioned production of the Cantonese opera Till the Sea runs Dry and the Italian opera Aida .
I wonder if my colleague is justified in branding me &quot; non-Chinese &quot; because of my oblivion to Chinese folk practices .
I wish that those with a better-and-holier-than-thou attitude should focus on loving others instead of arguing that their doctrines are right .
I was not at all keen on homework , and Chinese required lots of reading , writing and recitation after school .
Cheenah . both an adjective and a noun . not exactly respectful . what the English-educated Singaporean calls his Chinese-educated counterpart .
* The fact that the fate of a nation is ultimately dependent upon the quality of its people and its leaders ;
( the author is chairman of China Steel Corp in Taiwan . the article was first published in Common Wealth . )
( the author is a professor at Harvard University and a member of International Advisory Panel on Culture , Lianhe Zaobao .
&quot; soft power is achieved only when other nations admire and want to emulate aspects of that nation &apos;s civilisation . &quot;
&quot; over there . &quot; she pointed toward a row of summer cottages . strange , I though , in winter .
we are likely to reverse the declining fertility rate only if people adopt a new and responsible attitude towards marriage and procreation .
third , we face a choice between embracing good corporate governance or maintaining &quot; KKN &quot; or corruption , collusion and nepotism ;
therefore , designating a Speakers &apos; corner would be a good public relations exercise to help improve the image of our city-state .
the composition of the first three terms of the Legislative Council as set out in the Basic Law is as follows : —
the author is a staff member of Lianhe Zaobao Beijing Bureau . he shares his observations on a recent visit to Singapore .
the Hindu Temple is an approved place of worship for the performance of marriages under the marriage ordinance ( Chapter 181 ) .
that would be a significant symbolic change － just imagine the everything-by-law society will soon be encouraging people to debate in public !
that the Speak Mandarin Campaign has gone through a process of evolution in the past 19 years is evident in several ways .
teaching is one of the great loves of my life . as a little girl , the magic of learning thrilled me .
still , does it mean that Chen will take the risk to pursue independence for Taiwan ? I don &apos;t think so .
scientists around the globe are now trying to marry computer technology and biology by using nature &apos;s own design to process information .
other special features of the festival included a poster design competition and exhibition as well as workshops and tours to cultural venues .
one must not rely on the enemy &apos;s failure to attack , but on one &apos;s ability to build an in-vincible defence .
most young Chinese Singaporeans have been learning Chinese as a mother tongue for at least 10 years , without really understanding why .
light from the sun reaches us in 8 1 / 2 minutes . the sun is about 149,640,000 km from the earth .
it underscores the supreme importance of the family in Chinese culture , and aimed at strengthening the sense of togetherness and cohesion .
in short , the remaking of Singapore should focus on people and create a Singapore that gives people a sense of belonging .
in a nutshell , there is consensus that our economic progress is not matched by a corresponding enhancement in our social behaviour .
hitherto , educational policies in Hong Kong had been focussed on increasing school vacancies and enforcing 9-year compulsory education in the territory .
he turned 34 just a few days ago , on 9th August 1999 . Heis none other than the Republic of Singapore .
having visited two schools in China recently , I can &apos;t help but applaud the ideal of education upheld by the principals .
every one knows that Americans generally adopt a we-are-holier-than-thou mentality towards corruption in the developing world and the former Soviet bloc countries .
every gesture of concern and generosity , however small it may be , makes someone &apos;s day , and is rarely forgotten .
central American is home to many secret treasures for tourists who like to avoid the crowds , including numerous ancient Maya settlements .
before you decide to move on from this column , hear me speak , and understand the destruction we bring upon ourselves .
as many as 20 % of all children in the United States suffer from some form of the learning disorder called dislexia .
almost every discovery or invention has some sort of story behind it , though they are not all quite such unhappy stories .
a business workshop for small and medium enterprises interested in setting up business in Hong Kong was held in London in October .
Taiwanese are absolutely against Beijing browbeating , humiliating and isolating the island . they feel Taiwan deserves greater international space and visibility .
Paging operators adopted high speed paging technology and introduced more value-added services , such as e-mail paging , to improve their appeal .
I , too , often heard Singaporeans complain that they found it difficult to save because of the high cost of living .
Humayan met his wife Jamila at school and many of his child soldiers are former fellow pupils who rarely leave his side .
Humanyun and his story is the living embodiment of the feudal nature of the many factions which make up the Northern Alliance .
Hitchcock &apos;s survey findings confirm my impression that there are significant differences between the personal and societal values of Asians and Americans .
C . the fact that the fate of a nation is ultimately dependent upon the quality of its people and its leaders ;
5 、 The media can help in educating the arts supporters by publicising these new measures and exposing those who violate them .
2 、 All events at the venue will commence promptly at the stated time , after due prior notice to the public .
( the writer is a visiting professor at the NUS Physics Department and a member of the Singapore Chinese newspaper Resource Panel )
( the writer is a final year student at the School of Communication Studies , NTU . ) translated by Yap Gee Poh
( the author is Asst. Prof. , School of Computer Engineering , NTU . this article first appeared in NTU Staff digest )
&quot; I said , &quot; he shouts , loud enough for the neighbours to hear , &quot; You talk too quietly . &quot;
（ The writer is a project manager with an international market research company . he is an active member in Malay organisations . ）
working people spend much less time at home today . indeed , some even find little difference between their home and a hotel .
why is it that the welfare of mankind is disregarded ? obviously , these people are concerned only with numbers , not people .
why and how have I turned out hardly able to converse in Mandarin and unable to read more than a few Chinese words ?
when that moment comes , we shall , together , rejoice in a common victory over racism , apartheid and white minority rule .
we produce cute clip clocks as corporate gifts , but we are careful not to present them . &quot; cannot song zhong ! &quot;
various websites put up such contents as &quot; brazen acts of Japanese aggression &quot; and &quot; Japan &apos;s wartime atrocities against China &quot; .
two historical buildings , lo wai walled village and Tang Chung Ling ancestral Hall in Fanling , were declared as monuments in 1997 .
traditional values in our heritage that are proven viable should be retained and developed into &quot; new values &quot; needed for the future .
today , this slighting of the Chinese-speaking does not seem to be aproblem here . or perhaps it has just become less acute .
this &quot; irrational fear &quot; is a result of being over-sensitive . it is also the legacy of a particular time and situation .
these sturdy stone benches hopefully will never go or change . there are other things , though , that also sadly won &apos;t .
the truth is that we still live in a world which is economically , culturally , intellectually and morally dominated by the West .
the truth is - I love Chinese.And I regret not having the right environment to pursue it for as long as I like .
the time has come for East Asia in general , and ASEAN in particular , to strengthen existing institutions and build new ones .
the major statutory sporting and cultural bodies have begun to implement plans for the development of their respective fields into the next century .
the life of a teacher is not always an easy one ; but it is a life of deep fulfilment and immense satisfaction .
the legless robot , called &quot; Sig , &quot; was developed by a research team at the government-funded Japan Science and Technology Corporation .
the government is studying the feasibility of building two waste-to-energy incinerators with a combined daily burning capacity of 4400 tonnes of municipal waste .
the first mirror was a pool of still water , and for untold centuries there was no other mirror to take its place .
the fate of the Akkadians and the Tiwanaku begs the question : if a centuries-long drought descended today , how would we respond ?
the days and weeks that followed belonged to others : a group of unruly Boy scouts , PTA meetings , an ailing mother .
the aluminum film retains its high polish much longer than does silver , and it can be repolished , whereas silver can not .
the Marine Parks ordinance provides the necessary statutory powers for the designation and management of marine parks and marine reserves in Hong Kong .
the Bank of Finland was yesterday frantically checking its new 500 banknotes , after finding 17 notes had been printed without security holograms .
the 11 anonymous government scholarship recipients were under fire , whereas Deputy Prime Minister Tony Tan suggested a review of the scholarship system .
she giggled . &quot; you &apos;re funny , &quot; She said . in spite of my gloom I laughed too and walked on .
scientists have written a report on the future of trade and industry . they talk about the role robots will play in industry .
restoration revealed that the sculptor had finished his creation carefully , patching small defects created by air bubbles trapped in the original casting .
our sense of civic duty to engage in public debate and critical thinking is lost except unfortunately for issues that affect our pockets .
one is apt to overlook the general environment behind the event . it is the environment we created that has produced our elite .
on the one hand , Eastern societies traditionally value education and family ties , attaching great importance to the upbringing of their young .
in the days that followed , I and other Americans in Singapore were deeply moved by the spontaneous outpouring of sympathy and support .
in particular , given the advanced IT and diversified management systems , co-operation and co-ordination within a community are becoming crucial for success .
how was the New Year celebrated 30 years ago ? two quintessential elements , which were deemed its core values , stood out .
his father Aghagan , 40 , was killed in a Taliban rocket attack and his son was the universal choice to succeed him .
good teachers give their students a sense of self-worth , encourage them to dream , and show them how to pursue those dreams .
from the facial expressions and body language of people around them , the message &quot; so you are a foreigner &quot; is unmistakable .
for any fruitful understanding to take place , the correct starting point is to recognise and maintain our distinctiveness that cannot be compromised .
five groups of demonstrators staged public meetings and public processions near the venue during the meetings . most of the demonstrators were peaceful .
each occasion is a tribute to the people of South Africa for their achievement in making a reality of shared principles and ideals .
but we never did experience them . we are only reminded of them , so that we do not repeat a turmoil history .
a swan flaps it &apos;s wings on the frozen Charlottenburg castle lake during heavy snow fall in downtown Berlin December 24 , 2001 .
a common thread that binds these countries is their Confucian heritage , which places learning and scholarship above all other pursuits in life .
Q : as an individual or organisation , to keep up with the coming KBE , what are the initial steps to take ?
I was lecturing recently , and one of my stops was Flagstaff , Arizona , which is about 7,000 feet above sea level .
I believe there is such a thing as Asian values just as there are American values and ideals and European values and ideals .
Asians emphasise the importance of respect for learning and self-discipline whereas Americans emphasise the importance of success , personal achievement and helping others .
4 、 Other good housekeeping rules that will enhance audience enjoyment should be communicated to them through appropriate means for a specified period .
2 . protect the number one position ( whe-ther this is in terms of profits , market share or some other criteria ) .
* The value of freedom of navigation , on the sea , and byextension , in the air , and on the Internet ;
( this is an excerpt of an article entitled &quot; mediation Across cultures &quot; published in the July issue of The alumnus . )
( the writer , an expatriate living in Singapore , has studied and worked in the US . translated by Yap Gee Poh )
( the contributor is a freelance writer and consultant who has worked closely with the Muslim community for the last five years . )
&quot; nothing . you just breathe it like any other kind of air . it &apos;s supposed to be good for your lungs &quot;
&quot; it &apos;s a miracle , &quot; says Kubitz , whose only physical reminder of the stroke is stiffness on his right side .
&quot; great , &quot; she would say . &quot; well , we may be going to Universal studios tomorrow after the seminars . &quot;
（ The writer is a 25-year-old project manager with an international market research company . he is an active member in Malay organisations . ）
yes , my red door shall remain red ! I am , after all , a proud Singaporean and I love the Singapore flag !
will Singaporean Muslims take up PM Goh &apos;s call to be &quot; moderate Muslims &quot; ? or is this a label they find problematic ?
we must ensure that globalization benefits not only the powerful but also the men , women and children whose lives are ravaged by poverty .
this is the pint - sized Afghan warIord who at just 15 is in command of an army of 300 anti - Taliban militiamen .
this caused me to hesitate for a few minutes - would I have the courage to step into the SIA cabin two hours later ?
their sentiments are shared by many in the community . it means that they recognise that building inter-religious harmony takes mutual understanding and respect .
the third challenge concerns strengthening our sense of national identity . we are now encouraging all Singaporeans to participate in the reshaping of Singapore .
the shop uses the post office to ship its coffee beans to customers , running up a typical monthly bill of C $ 500 .
the renowned Taiwanese economist Professor Charles Kao provided some thought-provoking observations that range from economic to philosophical issues and peppered his speech with humour .
the man agreed that he had sinned and begged the judge , &quot; Please have pity on my honor and save my house . &quot;
the Prime Minister &apos;s advice to the young man : &quot; ... grow up - quickly - and start looking beyond his nose ... &quot;
the Chapin team published work in 1999 showing that rats could be trained to operate a robotic arm using the power of thought alone .
such a society should never allow again that there should be prisoners of conscience nor that any person &apos;s human rights should be violated .
still , if Chinese resort to some over-used English names for the sake of convenience , we are not doing justice to our tradition .
some other Asians believe that because Asia is so big and heterogeneous there is no set of values which are shared by all Asians .
one such trend would be the rise of China . undoubtedly , China will grow to become one of the world &apos;s greatest economies .
on the other hand , playing down ethnic differences and creating a false sense of racial unity is impractical and worse still , risky .
on societal values , the respondents agreed on the importance of orderly society , harmony , respect for authority , official accountability and consensus .
on September 10 , 2001 , I presented my credentials to President Nathan and officially took up my post as U.S. ambassador to Singapore .
networking technology is still in its infancy , yet it has reached already the point where we can call it a new mass medium .
more recently , I also read another report by Han in zbNOW , headlined &quot; Marginalisation - An inescapable fate for Chinese theatre ? &quot;
men have always wanted to fly like birds . birds can fly easily because they are light , but men &apos;s bodies are heavier .
leave behind : a bathrobe , blow - dryer and umbrella -- you can always borrow these things from your hotel or your hostess .
it would even be better if auctioneers could use both Mandarin and dialects if their guests comprise the old as well as the young .
it would be useless if you possess the language ability , but insufficient cultural knowledge to have a proper conversation with the Chinese nationals .
it is with the minorities in Singapore , the Malays and Indians , that the campaign still needs to be handled with great sensitivity .
it is hard learning a language . but it is more fulfilling recognising our weakness and not dismissing it as just another irrelevant problem .
is &quot; kiasu &quot; a commendatory epithet , or a derogatoryone ? after much deliberation , I have decided to label it as neutral .
in other words , relative to short-term de-posit rates , one can pick up 2 % more by hold-ing the bond for 5 years .
in addition , during 1997 there were 18 successful applications to the courts to enhance the defendants &apos; sentences in triad-related or serious crimes .
her musical giggle followed me . &quot; come again , Mrs. P , &quot; She called . &quot; we &apos;ll have another happy day .
first and foremost , it reaffirmed its responsibility of developing and moulding our young who will in turn shape the future of our nation .
bonds , measured by the UOB Government Bond Index , are less volatile although the probability of earning higher returns than equities is lower .
an independent data protection authority enforces new legislation based on international principles governing the collection , holding , processing and use of personal data .
after a short time , the Hakham shook himself , stroked his beard and asked , &quot; Was the cake fresh or hard ? &quot;
about 533000 households in Hong Kong can receive regional satellite channels . the most popular are the four free-to-air channels broadcast by STAR TV .
Singlish started with the older generations but it seemed less complex during their time . but Singlish has developed into something arcane to foreigners .
SM Lee stressed the need for the ruling party to respond creatively to changing circumstances lest it should lose its standing with the people .
PSA has realised that if its rates and business relationships with its customers do not &quot; stay relevant &quot; , it will lose them .
Icebergs are beautiful . some icebergs rise hundreds of feet out of the water . they look like white mountains floating in the sea .
I would like to have a machine or robot which you felt bad about switching off . I want to build a living machine .
HKSAR passports are issued to Chinese citizens who have the right of abode in the HKSAR and who hold Hong Kong permanent identity cards .
Alicia was released from the hospital on November 9 , and made outpatient visits until January 10,1995.she needed immuno suppressive drugs for another year .
( the writer is assistant professor at NTU &apos;s School of Computer Engineering . this article first appeared in the NTU Staff digest . )
( the writer is an undergraduate of NTU . this article first appeared in The Nanyang chronicle , NTU &apos;s students &apos; newspaper . )
( the writer is a free-lance writer and consultant . she has worked closely with the Muslim community for the last five years . )
&quot; the best thing you can do is to get followers to mirror your actions by being what you wish them to be . &quot;
&quot; Hello &quot; , she said . I answered with a nod , not really in the mood to bother with a small child .
while British youngsters of the same age have long since dispensed with their toy tanks , married Mohammed Humayun boasts six of the real thing .
weak spot : &quot; a lot of people say that he doesn &apos;t have the elan of Roberto , &quot; according to one beverage analyst .
today , we have a common education system and , increasingly , a common worldview . our sense of one Singapore is a lot stronger .
today , we face new threats and instabilities . weapons of mass destruction are now available to regimes who have little respect for human life .
this would help to remove any in-built prejudices and misconceptions due to sheer ignorance , unfounded apprehensions or apathy and bring the different races closer .
they too must be relieved of the heavy burden of despair which they carry in their hearts , born of hunger , homelessness and unemployment .
these numbers are interesting , but the real important question is : what are all these individuals and the world-leading institutions doing on the Net ?
the sun also makes our day and our night . light travels in straight lines . it comes from the sun , 95,000,000 miles away .
the slogan &quot; our might will make us right &quot; is indeed a political capital . it should not be seen as a religious call .
the enormous invoice turned out to be a computer error by Canada Post . &quot; we &apos;re going to frame it , &quot; said Zavislake .
the bats had been trapped in the building &apos;s courtyard by a pigeon net and found their way into her pantry through an open window .
the answer is yes . in terms of value , the core teachings of the two great minds are neither bounded by time nor space .
the Speak Mandarin and courtesy Campaigns have been going on for many years now . what about looking forward from here ? let &apos;s consider :
that is because we are competing with academics brought up in the Western tradition , who are good at projecting their fortes to the fullest .
second , I suspect that the West cannot accept the concept of Asian values because the latter could pose a challenge to Western intellectual hegemony .
perhaps the weirdest thing of all about C / linear is that it didn &apos;t explode all at once , as scientists would have predicted .
one of the most important principles un-derlying the conduct of war has to be pro-activeness.This is aptly captured by the following saying by Sun Tzi :
on this your 50th anniversary , let us learn the lessons from the past so that we may never fail the generations of the future .
most Singaporeans have a special fondness for hawker food . so do our Istana presidents.This certainly raises the level of respectability for our food culture .
management style : patient . &quot; when we go to a new country , we &apos;re there forever -- that &apos;s our time frame . &quot;
let me repeat this : the media sector is definitely not mere business . not in Singapore , and not for now --- at least .
leave the trunk in the attic . it is possible to pack everything you need for a weekend getaway in one carry-on bag.Here &apos;s how :
it is well-known that , unlike other countries , the traditional Chinese culture had developed on its own steam , largely uninfluenced by other cultures .
in the Western model , mediators are trained in the role of a process manager . their main responsibility is to facilitate a collaborative process .
if it &apos;s free , I want one , never mind that I don &apos;t even need it , much less know what it is .
if a doctor could have corrected any genetic defect in David &apos;s sperm before ferilizing the egg , his son wouldn &apos;t inherit the problem .
however , we should not blame those who cannot speak well because of a physical defect such as a natural lisp , stutter or dyslexia .
given the above differences , it is therefore not surprising that East Asia and the West do not always hold identical views on human rights .
fourth , we face the choice of turning inward and becoming protectionist or opening up our economies to foreign investment and facilitating mergers and acquisitions ;
for in-stance , if the interest rates or yields rise to 6 % , the new price of the bond will now only be : -
during the National Day Rally this year , Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong touched on young Singaporeans &apos; pessimism with regards to the economic situation .
corporate goals : &quot; to be the best partner for customers , best resident for the communities where we serve , and best employer . &quot;
computer models indicate that many diseases will surge as the earth &apos;s atmosphere heats up . signs of the predicted troubles have begun to appear .
but the fact is , many Muslims around the world , not just in Singapore , view the struggle as being one between two extremes .
black and white objects strike terror in the hearts of some . someone ventures with great conviction that black-and-white photographs appeal only to the Westernized .
at the threshold of the 21st century , Singaporeans would do well to grasp both the strengths and weaknesses of the Eastern and Western cultures .
at the end of their attachment , they can only be outsiders without gaining any true understanding of China and all its unique business practises .
at day &apos;s end , yellow seems to be the only recourse . never mind that it is pale . it represents gold and wealth .
armed with two Hellfire anti - tank missiles , a Predator could have been ordered to strike the Controllers chose to go on shadowing it .
an ice-cube may help offer some temporary respite from the heat but wouldn &apos;t an air-conditioned facility be a more worthy goal to work towards ?
a scary reason could be that we have not had much to monumentalise . what monument would we build to online shopping or the 5Cs ?
Singapore is a country that values and treats foreign talent well . this is an observation that is often reaffirmed during my conversations with friends .
Paul looked at the boy in astonishment , then impulsively he added , &quot; Would you like to take a ride in my automobile ? &quot;
I survey Western art history to trace &quot; black-and-white &quot; artists find two - Kline and Pollock both of whom found inspiration in Oriental art !
I see a world where the honor of being called great is bestowed not on the world &apos;s warriors but on the world &apos;s peacemakers .
8.Make conversation while you &apos;re drinking . get your attention away from the alcohol and be sociable . this can help reduce your alcohol intake .
2.Avoid drinking daily or regularly . if your drinking gets that steady , you &apos;re likely to develop a habit that can lead to dependence .
( the writer is Senior lecturer of the Department of Finance and Accounting , NUS &amp; a resource panellist of SPH &apos;s Chinese newspapers . )
( the writer is Senior lecturer of the Department of Finance and Accounting , NUS &amp; a resource panelist of SPH &apos;s Chinese newspapers . )
&quot; your eyes don &apos;t water with fresh air . that &apos;s the advanage of it . saves you a lot in paper tissues . &quot;
&quot; we don &apos;t sneeze to much here , &quot; the man admitted . &quot; do they sneeze a lot where you come from ? &quot;
&quot; we &apos;ve doing fine , &quot; I would say . &quot; Sean really likes toy Story , and Jeremy is eating his cheerios . &quot;
&quot; not at all -- she &apos;s delightful child , &quot; I said , suddenly realizing that I meant it . &quot; where is she ?
&quot; it &apos;s fine on someone from a younger generation but a little bit silly on someone of Mr Blair &apos;s stature and age . &quot;
&quot; I didn &apos;t choose the date &quot; , I protest , &quot; Our guest of honour chose it after checking his travel schedule . &quot;
&quot; Hello , &quot; I said . &quot; I &apos;m Ruth Peterson . I missed your little girl today and wondered where she was . &quot;
－ a fixed date when the principal is due . the date on which the principal is required to be repaid is called the maturity date ;
within the Chinese language , there are already discernible differences in the Chinese used in mainland China , Taiwan , Hong Kong , Malaysia and Singapore .
when a bottle is empty , it goes out in the trash . but bottle glass can be ground into sand and used to pave streets .
today , for example , we don &apos;t seem to need to set things down in stone . we might actually no longer value monuments themselves .
to me , the ruling party &apos;s so-called shadow Cabinet or other schemes , can neither replace a constructive opposition nor help the growth of democracy .
though an isolated case , this shows that a decision to emigrate requires much deliberation as it affects how the extended family will fare later on .
third , because of its ignorance of the conditions in some developing countries , the good intentions of the West sometimes do more harm than good .
these examples show how differences in culture exist among and within languages . the challenge for translators and interpreters is to be aware of these differences .
therefore , the emergence of the Speakers &apos; corner is like snow in a desert and naturally , it is politicised by overseas and local opinion .
there is nothing Japan can do to cover up its ugly past - using little tricks to try to hide it serves only to discredit itself .
the second disagreement was on whether , in judging the human rights situation of a country , one should take into account its history and context .
the pictographic nature of the Chinese writing system helps to stimulate the thinking faculty of children . their intelligence develops better while they learn the characters .
the idea of cultural preservation and the teaching of humanities are inseparable . however , there has been a long-standing lack of emphasis on the latter .
the government owns 14 multi-storey car parks which provide a total of 8 250 parking spaces . they are operated and managed by two private operators .
the first living things , though they were too small to be seen , were eating , growing organisms which divided to become others like them .
the education system of learning English as the first language and Chinese ( or other mother tongues ) as the second language started in my generation .
the Geneva HKETO deals with international trade issues under the World Trade Organisation . it also liaises with the Paris-based Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development .
that &apos;s the first revelation to me that Singapore is not only clean and beautiful but also full of people who have a heart of gold .
scientists are rapidly developing technology for genetically engineering fast-growing supertrees . the economic advantages for timber companies seem clear . the environmental repercussions are less certain .
sadly , the Western media choose to ignore these , and continue to place the Republic unjustifiably in the company of the truly authoritarian regimes elsewhere .
our employers , both public and private , can and should adopt a more flexible approach towards the handicapped and those with criminal records seeking employment .
one way to learn about a country is to collect its stamps . they tell you a lot about what is going on in the country .
on a sultry summer day , I had a talk with the students working in the stuffy editing-room , and was deeply moved by their spirit .
many of the 108 crew members were under 25 years of age with little sailing experience . some had received individual and corporate sponsorships to participate .
iron , lysine and vitamin C supplements are recommended . eating more foods containing essential amino acids , such as red meat , will also help .
in my recent trip to California , virtually all leading book stores and public libraries were well-stocked with plenty of publications on this highly esoteric subject .
in making sense of this histiionic landscape , Bretz and Pardee also left many puzzles unsolved , including the question of how many floods there were .
he had stressed then on our need to promote creative and critical thinking , encourage innovativeness and very importantly , foster the mindset of continuous learning .
having read the recent spate of articles on the importance of the Chinese language and culture , I feel compelled to share my views and experiences .
established in 1994 , the Service quality Wing consists of three branches responsible for Performance Review , Research and inspections , and Complaints and Internal Investigations .
education , after all , is not lecturers dancing away like Salome to deliver knowledge on a platter while students wait passively like Herod to receive .
despite the upgrading of mainland China port facilities , Hong Kong is likely to remain the hub port for the region well into the next century .
democracy is far from a perfect political system . it is merely a system that , so far in human history , has had less drawbacks .
by and by , Singaporeans turned bilingual . but there are still about half a million Chinese Singaporeans aged 30 to 54 who are primarily monolingual .
but I want to end optimistically , so yes , passion and passivity can come together - the day Arthur &apos;s barge floats down Nantah Lake .
blunt as it may sound , people do look up to you if you speak good English . a strong command of English takes you places .
as he says , &quot; We probably know more about obscure monkeys in Africa than we know about the animals hanging out in our own kitchens .
as a result , she had to go to a bank , pay $ 5 for a cheque and make another trip to the CPF office .
and so , though I may deny poets their monopoly on inspi ration , I still place them in a select group of Fortune &apos;s darlings .
and he has travelled the world talking and publicising this notion of &quot; cultural China &quot; enough as to lend us help with a sympathetic reference .
Muslims are also concerned that PM Goh &apos;s comment could be used as a pretext to be insensitive to a Muslim &apos;s religious needs if misinterpreted .
I think we should cast our discussion in the framework of the situation in Singapore : where did we come from ? where are we today ?
I have to say I &apos;m not proud of this loss at all . after all , how many people can say they are effectively bilingual ?
I could go on citing examples , if not for the fact that I &apos;d be wasting a whole tree preaching to the deaf and blind .
D . the value of freedom of navigation , on the sea , and by extension , in the air , and on the Internet ; and
9.Avoid bars and lounges when you are just killing time in an airport or train station . buy a magazine or browse in the gift shop .
&quot; well , if the fresh air bothers you , why don &apos;t you put a handkerchief over your nose and breathe through your meath ? &quot;
&quot; this discovery is the first tangible proof of commerce in the recycling of ancient bronzes , &quot; asserts Francesco Nicosia , archaeological superintendent of Tuscany .
&quot; I &apos;ve heard that story before , &quot; I said . &quot; how come if it &apos;s air , my eyes aren &apos;t watering ? &quot;
while the government has been stressing the importance of the arts , how to respond to the increasingly adventurous and non-traditional arts forms is a great challenge .
whenever I look at the moon , I wish I could go there . do you ever wish that you could take a trip to the moon ?
when the tungsten gets hot , it also gets bright . it shines and gives a good tight . it also lasts a long time without breaking .
when the Israeli soldiers opened their front door they shoot dead the grandmother and the uncle in front of five children , their mother and their father .
top Hong Kong immigration officials also held public briefing sessions in Chicago , New York , San Francisco and Los Angeles on the Right of abode issue .
this was disclosed by Dr Zeng Zeng , assistant professor of psychology at NUS , in an interview with Lianhe Zaobao as was reported on Oct 5 .
this document , the final version of which was arrived at only after extensive consultation with principals and teachers , outlines the aims of a holistic education .
they firmly believe that once their mental and physical well-being are in equilibrium , then good health , work efficiency and prosperity will come their way naturally .
there is a direct correlation between a nation &apos;s cultural soft power and the state of its political and economic fortunes . Britain provides a classic example .
there are two main death registries , one on Hong Kong Island and one in Kowloon . deaths in rural areas are registered at local police stations .
the tragic events in Europe during the second quarter of this century and their effects on the scientific activities do not have to be further mentioned here .
the power of touchPlacing everything from sweaters to bed linens on displays that consumers . that &apos;s because people like to feel fabrics before they buy them .
the earth is not the only body that travels around the sun . with it are eight other planets , fellow members of the sun &apos;s family .
the challenge for PSA , apart from charting its international and regional development strategies , is to remain competitive both in terms of rates and service quality .
the Civil Aid Service is a government auxiliary emergency service with an establishment of 3634 adult members , 3232cadets and a permanent staff of 120 civil servants .
the Arab fell at his feet and kissed them . the Kadi asked in a whisper , &quot; But how did you arrive at that decision ? &quot;
that triumph will finally bring to a close a history of five hundred years of African colonization that began with the estab lishment of the Portuguese empire .
tears welled up in my eyes . for an instant , I was sorry for releasing him -- yet I also knew it was for the best .
so-called religious fanatics typically have a shallow understanding of the religion they claim to profess or may ( mis ) use religion to mask their political ambitions .
similar wars of words concerning language and culture have taken place repeatedly in the last few decades , resulting in a divide between English-educated and Chinese-educated Singaporeans .
secondly , for investors who have a view on the broad market , but are not interested in picking specific counters , SIF is an ideal instrument .
options have lives of up to one year ( 5 years for warrants ) . the longer the time to expiration , the more valuable the option .
my answer is : in self-protection -- and in defense of truth , justice , freedom , and any value you ever held or may ever hold .
mathematics has a lot to do with IQ tests , as it is well proven that children good at numbers tend to have a stronger reasoning faculty .
many non-Muslims view the struggle between Muslims in Egypt , Turkey and many Muslim countries as one between &quot; moderate Muslims &quot; and &quot; radical Muslims &quot; .
many cultural practises of Muslims worldwide are associated with Islam , but unsuspecting non-Muslims may not know that some of them may even be against Islamic teachings !
leaders also know that appearance and manners count . they are usually pleasant to be with ; their speech is polished , their demeanor unruffled and assured .
it is this aspect of our psyche , which unfortunately is quite widespread , that makes us appear coarse to those coming from a more genteel community .
it is said that Switzerland lacks natural resources but has human brains . one can test the validity of the statement with examples from the Swiss industry .
it is no longer enough for us to be just effective in one language , or to limit our Chinese language to that of a conversational level .
it also describes the ideal Muslim society as &quot; Ummathan wasathan &quot; , meaning , a society that adopts a middle path , not swerving to extremes .
individual travelers can easily find travel information . the long distance buses that connect all countries in the region are very comfortable with air conditioning and TV .
indeed , are there drawbacks in Singapore at all ? yes , I think so , for society would turn stagnant and stale if it were flawless .
in response to public concern over the quality of public housing , the Legislative Council appointed a select committee on February 7 to inquire into the matter .
in our pursuit of all things material in this mad race we call life , many of us have become inconsiderate , selfish , and downright kiasu .
in less than 20 years , some analysts predict , Chinese will take over from English as the most commonly used language on the World Wide Web .
in fact , some people have returned to where they came from as they have not been successful , have become homesick or because of other reasons .
in early 1997 , the Ba concluded the mid-term review of metro broadcast Corporation Ltd &apos;s Sound broadcast Licence . it was renewed for its remaining term .
in Singapore , those who are good at Chinese but poor in English cannot compete with those who know English well . this is an indisputable fact .
however , I can &apos;t say the same for my parents . both Chinese-educated , they feel more comfortable and confident conversing in Mandarin or Fujian dialeet .
he cautioned , however , that they couldn &apos;t be absolutely sure this is what they saw until they figured out what caused the comet &apos;s breakup .
have you ever wondered why the skins of animals have particutar colours ? colour in animal seems to be either &quot; protective &quot; or &quot; warning &quot; .
for Shell , stakeholder Management is an essential part of doing Sustainable Business , and all business development is based on ensuring the proper engagement of stakeholders .
during lunch with some &quot; mature &quot; friends recently , our conversation drifted from family matters to children &apos;s education and the aspirations of the younger generation .
displaying annotations in both languages helps draw the English-speaking Singaporeans and tourists to the exhibitions which , after all , aim to reach out to the masses .
despite the government &apos;s efforts to promote the teachings of Confucius , one can see little of the sage &apos;s ideal put into practice in our society .
confronted with immense pressure from neighbouring competitors , PSA has announced the slew of measures under its &quot; stay relevant &quot; policy to sharpen its competitive edge .
clansmen who had achieved distinction would be eulogisedas they would bring reflected honour to their family and clan . conversely , those considered notorious would be expunged .
cameras have lenses at the front . a very good lens costs a lot of money ; it costs more than any other part of the camera .
by the end of the year , Hong Kong had 492 539 licensed vehicles in all classes , representing an increase of 5.28 per cent over 1996 .
but today everybody tries to be a different self . I may wear jeans at work , while the guy beside me may wear a pyjama-like suit .
but I remember cringing during those meet-the-parents sessions in secondary school . my form teachers were English specialists , most of whom had trouble with their Mandarin .
brand names scream from every corner of orchard Road because we &apos;re such a superficial society , feeling good only in brand-name clothes , cars and homes .
as provided for in Article 73 of the Basic Law , the Legislative Council of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region exercises the following powers and functions :
as a foreign tourist who came and went in a hurry , I found , in my few days here , room for improvement in several areas .
all of these interactions will become digital . they won &apos;t necessarily replace the kind of physical transactions we know today , but they will augment them .
a similar trend to scientific cooperation on a global scale was apparent in many other fields , like meteorology , astronomy , nuclear fusion , and space .
a recent survey by The Straits Times showed that a growing number of children have only English names . the reasons behind the trend are worth examining .
Sneezing fits can strike in any season.But are they caused by Allergies , viruses , bacteria or something else ? ask your nose -- it always knows .
Singapore stands out among South-East Asian countries with awell-rounded educational system , and its students are widely known to have performed remarkably in regional and international competitions .
Q : where did the term &quot; knowledge-based Economy &quot; come from ? what are those major underlying forces that are helping to shape this emerging economy ?
Lynn Pan &apos;s Encyclopaedia of Chinese Overseas reveals that &quot; Hua ren &quot; around the world observe festivals differently from the mainland China and from each other .
Lastly , I think there should be a three-month period between the announcement of the new electoral boundaries by the Electoral boundaries Review Committee and nomination Day .
Jean Thompson stood in front of her fifth  grade class on the very first day of school in the fall and told the children a lie .
Firstly , if members of a group are confused , or worse , if they suspect each other , the seed for disunity has just been sown .
5 . too much gimmick has been disguised as art , just to be novel or to outdo each other in the name of creativity or innovation .
12.Think about your drinking . is it getting out of hand ? a bad habit can creep up on you if you don &apos;t monitor your behavior .
&quot; the highly urgent calls tended to be the least pleasant-sounding and the highly pleasant ones seemed to be rated not so urgent , &quot; he said .
&quot; in the conduct of war , one must not rely on the enemy &apos;s failure to come , but on one &apos;s readiness to engage him ;
&quot; Oh , you must be talking about the fresh air . a lot of people come out have who have never smelled fresh air before . &quot;
you can not see any object unless light from that object gets into your eyes . some of the things you see give off light of their own .
wherever Muslims have failed to take the &quot; middle path &quot; and to pursue knowledge and excellence called upon by Islam , a pattern of decline has followed .
we hear the voices which say that it is an appeal from all those , throughout the universe , who sought an end to the system of apartheid .
to maintain a clean civil service , the department conducted 800 regular corruption prevention training sessions for staff of 42 government departments and 40 public bodies in 1997 .
this would stifle initiative , creativity , entrepreneurship and overlook other qualities for success , and ultimately deprive these hapless people an opportunity to attain their chosen goal .
this open letter by Zhong Xijia is taken from the Internetand is published here with the writer &apos;s permission.Your Excellency , Mr B.J. Habibie , President of Indonesia ,
the sewerage Master Plan studies identified works estimated to cost a total of $ 11.5 billion to bring the sewers up to standard in a phased improvement programme .
the government plans to develop incineration facilities for the disposal of clinical waste and animal carcases , and to provide a proper storage facility for low-level radioactive waste .
the fresh air was making feel dizzy . &quot; isn &apos;t there a diesel bus around here that I could breathe into for a couple of hours ? &quot;
the council consists of a chairman , a vice-chairman , four ex-officiomembers and 16 other non-official members , 10 of whom were nominated by their respective arts interests .
the council allocated each of the nine Provisional Regional Council District Committees a ceiling fund of $ 700,000 to subsidise the organisation of different kinds of festive activities .
the authorities have ascertained the proportion of each subject to be taught via computers in every school , and have instructed all schools to achieve this allocated target .
the West has been conditioned to think that terrorists were born Muslims and Muslims in certain countries were brought up to hate the West , especially protagonist America .
the Student Ambassador Programme celebrated its 30th anniversary in1997 with a reunion seminar and dinner . it was attended by more than 250 students and former student ambassadors .
the Kadi shook his head and said , &quot; Your judgment is a real judgment , O Hakham . and I &apos;ll put my seal on it . &quot;
the Force has introduced an Electronic fuel Management System , the first computerized fuelling mechanism adopted by the government . it has improved efficiency and reduced manpower costs .
the Dayan said to the Arab , &quot; please repeat to the Kadi , may his glory be great , what you said to your wife last night &quot;
such was their enthusiasm . anyway , the newspaper reported that the mobile column would roll down their avenue but it did not state where it would end .
society seems to think so , since kiasu-ism has been wholeheartedly embraced , to the point where marketing of Mr. Kiasu has actually become profitable and socially acceptable .
so , it is clear that Muslim organisations and religious teachers need to step up efforts to help Muslims practise Islam correctly in a multi-religious , multi-racial setting .
secondary school days saw almost every July morning starting off on a somewhat sunny , optimistic note with the National Day songs echoing from the public announcement system .
rockets can fly far out into space . rockets have already taken men to the moon . one day they may be able to go anywhere in space .
once the Indonesian political and economic situations stabilise , Indonesia will also be able to develop by leaps and bounds and will offer tremendous business opportunities to us .
on June 1 , 2000 , the Government introduced a new entry system and terms of appointment for new recruits to increase the flexibility of its appointment system .
nevertheless , Singaporeans should learn the &quot; aggressiveness &quot; and other strengths from the West to complement their own fine Eastern tradition , as suggested by Prof Yang .
my friends , we in Britain are proud to be part of the great Anglo American Alliance the greatest force for liberty in the world has ever known .
many large cities are anything but beautiful . streets are littered with trash . in this trash , however , there is still something that can be useful .
it was not until 1975 , when I covered Foreign Minister SRajaratnam &apos;s official visit to China , that I really regretted not taking Chinese seriously in school .
it is not only in that field , however , that the United Nations needs strengthening . we must strengthen it across the whole range of our activities .
in short , the promotion of traditional culture in our multi-racial country , which is being reshaped , is not only a tradition but is also a mission .
in projects with customers around the world , we &apos;re learning that when they make the move to E-business , they follow a fairly predictable , three-stage process .
in other words , get the students to use what they have to learn to think , they will unheedingly learn and remember.This is more effective than rote-learning .
in November , the Financial Secretary , Mr Donald Tsang , addressed a seminar organised by the Confederation of British Industry and the Royal Institute of International Affairs .
in 1997 , 28.3 million passengers passed through the terminal at the Hong Kong International Airport , which was 4.1 percent less than the 29.5 million in 1996 .
if a bottle was faulty , would you blame the bottle or the mould ? would it make more sense to fix the mould or every single bottle ?
how many bottoms must these stone benches have rested then , yet now they &apos;re just a memory of another golden era from other days , other times .
guarantees - Many are only as good as the institution offering it . and many funds have been closed or wound up because they cannot meet the guarantee .
first , putting up information on a Web site . product cata logues . academic course listings , a list of phone numbers to call for more information .
early last year , two American users of Toshiba notebook computers filed a lawsuit collectively against the company over a floppy-disk drive malfunction causing data loss or damage .
during the year , 448 Vietnamese refugees were settled overseas and 4512 Vietnamese migrants were repatriated to Vietnam . the corresponding figures for 1996 were 274 and 15101 .
drama students and staff swept many of the sixth annual Hong Kong Federation of Drama societies &apos; Awards , including Best Director , Best production and Best music .
could any competition be fair under such circumstances ? are those unwelcome neighbourhood schools the only destined option for kids whose parents attended the same type of schools ?
cash deposits , measured by the three-month Singapore inter-bank offer Rate , are the least volatile but this is offset by the fact that returns are the lowest .
but perhaps where you should really be cognizant of your safety is at the dinner table , where your mouth can get you in a world of trouble .
building this new port , on a series of artificial islands stretching South-East from north Lantau , will be one of the world &apos;s biggest civil engineering projects .
besides &quot; proper titles &quot; , our leaders must also come up with effective and practical rewards , and this would require the government &apos;s determination and planning .
as to schools with ordinary performance and fame , the status of an alumnus is irrelevant because there will be no great rush for a place in it .
as the arts groups play an important role , and are a major beneficiary , in a cultured society , the following comments may be helpful to them :
and I am sure Chek Jawa will become an evergreen song . your ministerial decision for long-term deferment of reclamation will be sung by many generations to come .
all municipal solid waste is currently deposited at three large modern strategic landfills in the New Territories , developed by specialist waste management contractors to high environmental standards .
a similar but slower development than that in the United States has been going on in the rest of the industrialized countries and many of the developing countries .
a new film , Secrets of the Lost Temple , was launched as part of the Film Fantasia simulator ride in Christmas 1997 to offer guests greater thrills .
a case in point is the current campaign by Europe to impose its opposition to capital punishment on the rest of the world as a new universal norm .
Wanda turned , stared at me intently , and moved closer to me on the seat . &quot; are you sure you want to ? &quot; she asked .
Laddering is an investment strategy where investors structure their CDs or bonds to mature at regular intervals which are evenly spaced , such as rungs on a ladder .
I must hasten to clarify that I am not saying that shouting slogans and taking to the streets are the best means to solve the problems in society .
Biodegradable scaffolds might not win the healing race , but if they live up to their promise , at least there won &apos;t be a scar in sight .
Accessorize . scarves or jewelry can change your entire look without taking up too much space . handbags with detachable straps can double as clutches for the evening .
ASEAN , however , is 31 years old next month . it is strong and mature enough to allow for a greater degree of openness in its deliberations .
&quot; the heavy bombardment of the inner planets by comets may have brought less prebiotic material to the inner solar system than we thought , &quot; said Boehnhardt .
&quot; the Toshiba vice-president &apos;s rhetoric reminds the Chinese people of those Japanese politicians who equivocate over Japan &apos;s war crimes against China , &quot; some pointed out .
&quot; I love you , &quot; I say . not too loud , mind , there &apos;s a plot developing and I don &apos;t want to miss anything .
yet we must not forget that we are an independent country , a shared historical heritage with China should in no way compromise our loyalty to our own nation .
with concerted and sustained efforts by all concerned Singaporeans , racial harmony should attain a new dimension when the next generation of citizens take their rightful place in society .
while researchers say it &apos;s possible that cats may have evolved in a similar way to better communicate with people , they caution its easy to jump to conclusions .
whenever I &apos;m asked the question why I am able to master two languages , I &apos;m always proud to say : &quot; because I &apos;m a Singaporean ! &quot;
when teaching children to learn pinyin , teachers must highlight the differences in enunciating Chinese and English vowels and consonants to avoid confusion as both systems use the alphabet .
we need greater space to develop our interests and talents . we need to discover ourselves and our strengths for the genuine safeguard that we can fall back on .
we do not know why the translator made that mistake . probably he had used that Chinese word without being aware of the religious nuances inherent in that word .
we are not really advancing the margins . we are just trying to maintain , in a transmuted form , part of what was good of the previous generation .
unless all candidates and parties can see this as the goal to work towards , perhaps then , to have a choice would be equivalent to not having one .
true , the screening process may be readjusted so that only those ideally qualified are selected for scholarships . but will that solve the problem revealed by the event ?
today , it seems that besides the common thread of working towards better living standards , the younger generation have nothing common to work towards at the national level .
to my pleasant surprise , everything has been the same , more or less . many non-Muslim Singaporeans I met , even strangers , were as friendly as ever .
this will be the first time that Hong Kong has ever drawn up a blueprint for its own education system since it returned to the Chinese sovereignty in 1997 .
this third stage is the one that represents the real transforrnation and the major payoff . it &apos;s when the enterprise takes the step to allow real Net-based transactions .
this excess fungal yeast irritates the scalp , causing overproduction of skin cells . stress is believed to aggravate dandruff , although it is not the cause of it .
they do have a large , world-embracing view indeed . to them , the discussion of &quot; my country and my people &quot; here would sound meaningless and unnecessary .
they &apos;re more likely to know their weight as customers and might pen lethal letters of complaints . hence , the need for workers to show them more respect .
these gaps could be language , ethnic or gender based . the fundamental need is to be able to find a common ground on which progress can be launched .
there is now a dialogue between Western and Chinese medicine . and we are being challenged by history to build similar bridges across gaps in non-science fields as well .
there has been much discussion in newspapers about reasons why Singaporeans are not as proficient in Chinese as other peoples . I would like to offer my views here .
then the Dayan advised , &quot; According to the laws of your faith , she &apos;s still yours , ya sheikh , and your house is her house . &quot;
the writer , a corporate communications manager discovers a unique brand of decision-making and aesthetics . her experience lends credence to the adage &quot; We live and learn ! &quot;
the sun makes our earth beautiful . it gives us light . it keeps us warm . it makes things grow . we can not live without the sun .
the principal regularly shows the TV productions thus made during school assemblies , and invites all students to discuss and comment on the works about their contents and techniques .
the pilot localisation scheme continues to progress well and the department now has 11 qualified local operational helicopter and six local aeroplane captains . another 11 remain under training .
the list of discoveries by &quot; accident &quot; could fill a long book ; and remember , most of them happened when somebody asked himself : &quot; why ? &quot;
the emotion is not caused by prejudice . to put it accurately , it is a feeling of being on the margins , instead of part of the mainstream .
the deal is good news for all . it is evidence that despite stiff competition from ports in neighbouring countries , PSA is still attractive to its existing customers .
the centre reaches out to the community . special free audience-building programmes , education programmes and a Friends Scheme are organised to promote public interest in the performing arts .
the SilkAir disaster three years ago is our first experience of being &quot; thrown into panic &quot; . the recent SIA plane crash shows us that nothing is impossible .
the Malays in Singapore can be said to be fortunate because it is rare that a minority ethnic group is being taken care of so much by the government .
statistics shows that , world-wide , those who communicate chiefly with Chinese -- or some dialect of the language -- are twice as many as those who use English .
second , we face a choice between governments which are transparent and accountable to their people and governments which are opaque and not willing to account to their people ;
scientists have been puzzled for decades by how turtles manage to navigate across the Atlantic -- but now they know . the creatures have their own inbuilt magnetic compass .
recently , it formulated a blueprint aimed at propelling the arts as an important marker of the spiritual life of the community , with more generous funding to match .
popular opinion , as we know , can vary with changes in time , place , and domestic and external circumstances . it can also be manipulated by politicians .
our country &apos;s missions and other bodies abroad should help attract emigrant Singaporeans back home by maintaining close ties with them and keeping them posted on developments at home .
one drawback of the Chinese team , however , is that they were too serious and lacked humour . besides , their facial expressions could have been more animated .
on societal values , there were three differences . first , 71 % of the Asians compared to 11 % of the Americans emphasised the importance of orderly society .
on my way home , I pondered what Li had said . is the fear a leftover from history that still haunts people or is it a self-created suspicion ?
now that we are going to have a campaign to encourage people to speak proper English , what are the guidelines for speakers ? may I offer some suggestions ?
music makes you buy moreStores boost sales by adjusting the tempo of the music they play . research has determined that people buy more when listening to slow ballads .
life began , men think , in the salty sea , Near the land , where the waters Were not deep , very small one-celled organisms came into being .
it was autumn in France . we were on our way to the Tulouse Airport when the handphones of some friends from Taiwanese media started ringing one after another .
is bookplate-making or a student &apos;s TV station so peculiar to those schools in China that it can &apos;t be emulated in Singapore for lack of ideas and facilities ?
instead , you prefer another company that offers you the opportunity to become a millionaire within a few years provided you do your best , despite the risks involved .
in transmitting , promoting and integrating the Chinese language and culture into the mainstream of the society , the efforts of the Malaysian Chinese community have certainly paid off .
in this increasingly global business world , many corporations are finding the subject of &quot; managing cultural differences &quot; , an area of priority for their diverse expatriate staff .
in their progress , enterprises should move towards alliance － not only within the same industries , but also across industry borders － for better mutual support and cooperation .
in recent years , there has been the trend of more young people becoming Christian or identifying themselves as Christians . this is most obvious in the university campuses .
in a nutshell , an investor should consider investing in bonds as an alternative asset class for the purpose of diversification and in consi-deration of his overall investment objectives .
got to queue up early so I can get free textbooks , never mind that I have to double-park my BMW in that two lane street four blocks down .
for adult Singaporeans who have attained the right to vote , should the government not give them the freedom to decide the sort of entertainment or films they prefer ?
first , one ingredient of Venetian success was national unity . the Venetians were united whereas some of their rival cities , for example , Genoa , were divided .
by this time tomorrow , and every day , there will be added to the earth about 12.0,000 extra people just about the population of the city of York .
by contrast , we can find some Singaporeans who praise other countries to the skies while condemning their own as worthless , without much understanding of the differences involved .
but beyond such instinctual emotions and their predictable behavioral responses , the possibility of more complex animal feelings -- those that entail mental processing -- is difficult to demonstrate .
at IBM , we use a slightly more descriptive term . we talk about E-business to describe all of the vital transactions that will be conducted on the Net .
and we are really preserving , in a new situation , something which grew out of the historical circumstances of the period after the war in a different Singapore .
after a short ride , the boy turned and with his eyes aglow , said , &quot; Mister , would you mind driving in front of my house ? &quot;
adult prisoners released under the Pre-release Employment Scheme are housed in a halfway house . residents must go out to work during the day and return in the evening .
actually , quizzing the scholars about the probability of their bond-breaking is akin to asking a pair of newlyweds how likely it is that they will end up divorcing .
according to Dr Taiwar , the latest work on Ratbot could lead to a way of controlling a robotic arm with the extra help of the sense of touch .
a press survey not long ago revealed that more than one-third of Singapore &apos;s school children ( including kindergarten kiddies ) rely on private tuition to enhance their grades .
a babble of grumbles has been buzzing among the people who , under pressure from a fast-changing society , are finding it hard to bear the burden of livelihood .
a 7-year-old French girl died after being crushed by a cross that fell from a tombstone as she and her family visited her brother &apos;s grave , police say .
Restorations and repairs were undertaken at various historical sites including lo wai , Cheung Shan Kwu Tsz , Tang Ching Lok ancestral Hall and Tai Po Man Mo Temple .
Nicastro points out that since cats have shorter life spans than people , they &apos;re had many more generations to evolve ways of manipulating their owners through their calls .
Minister for the Environment Mr Lim Swee Say officiated at the opening of the Chinese Cultural Festival 2002 on March 1 . here is an excerpt of his speech .
March and April can be very pleasant with occasional spells of high humidity . fog and drizzle can sometimes disrupt air traffic and ferry services because of reduced visibility .
I turned on her and shouted , &quot; Because my mother died ! &quot; and thought , my God , why was I saying this to a little child ?
I believe that the rising complexity of scientific research is HOW imperatively demanding new steps , which can ensure that international involvement moves to more organized and better-planned structures .
I am sure no one will object if we suggest that something be done to help these financially-strapped families . the issue is : how do we help them ?
Fourthly , Chinese enterprises owned by the state and private individuals and foreign businesses will now be treated equally . this will stimulate the growth of private Chinese businesses .
Dry-This may be another sign that your hair is not being moisturised . eating omega fatty acids found in oily fish such as mackerel will help moisturise dry hair .
( the writer is Investment manager of Aberdeen Asset Management . this column has the support of Investment Management Association of Singapore and the Stock Exchange of Singapore . )
( the author is chairman of Taiwan semiconductor Manufacturing Co . the Chinese original , of which this is an abridgement , was published in Common Wealth Monthly . )
&quot; Wendy talked of you so much . I &apos;m afraid I allowed her to bother you . if she was a nuisance , please accept my apologies . &quot;
when we think it out we can see that most of the energy man uses comes from the sun by way of the materials which plants build up in photosynthesis .
when we are moved to tears while watching &quot; I Not stupid &quot; , are we crying for the characters in the movies or ourselves . I don &apos;t know .
when Hongkongers ask : &quot; why isn &apos;t there a Kuo Pao Kun in Hongkong ? &quot; Singaporeans are wondering : &quot; will Singapore have another Kuo Pao Kun ? &quot;
what people in my generation should try and understand is that life is still a struggle . times have changed and so does the way challenges present themselves to us .
what &apos;s essential for harmony is to rise above one &apos;s self-righteousness , selfish needs and ego to create mutual trust , respect , help and love in all relationships .
we live with the hope that as she battles to remake herself , South Africa will be like a microcosm of the new world that is striving to be born .
vocational training programmes are provided to help young inmates cultivate good work habits and discipline , acquire employable skills , obtain recognised public qualifications , and engage in productive work .
unfortunately , this election would be a holiday for me and many others whose wards being uncontested , will miss out on a chance to evaluate for ourselves the Opposition .
under the system of monarchy , greedy position-hunters would present the ruler with gifts , including treasures collected across the country , precious works of art , and pretty women .
topics covered in guidance materials produced by the Privacy Commissioner &apos;s Office include the transfer of personal data outside Hong Kong , human resources management and direct marketing by telephone .
to introduce progressively elements of performance-based rewards into the Civil Service system , the Administration launched a pilot scheme on team-based performance rewards in six voluntary departments in late 2001 .
thus , almost always , the result of intervention has not been an empowered people but further corruption and chaos . worse for them . worse for all of us .
through such endeavours , together with the copious dynastic histories and district records , China has had no &quot; dark ages &quot; in the evolution of its 5000-year old civilisation .
those who hold this view may , however , contend that some countries in Asia , for example , the Confucianist societies , do share a common set of values .
this phenomenon is not peculiar to Singapore ; it is also widespread in the other East Asian societies like China , Taiwan , Hong Kong , Japan and South Korea .
they can also buy bonds as and when new issues are launched . for example , HDB and JTC bonds were offered to the retail market during their primary launches .
these warnings , of course , are meant to maintain good public order and clean environment . laws treat all people alike , be they foreign visitors or local VIPs .
there are already plans to improve the teaching of Chinese and to develop a core group of bilingual Chinese elite who understand China &apos;s culture , history and contemporary developments .
then , after my standard seven finals , I told Mama I had to switch to Latin to stand any chance of winning a scholarship to Cambridge or Oxford University .
the stadium opened in 1994 and has become Hong Kong &apos;s most popular outdoor stadium . in 1997 , more than 754500 spectators participated in 49 events at the stadium .
the splendour of the arch , then , whether called Nanyang or some other , lies in its standing for the time that brought us to where we are now .
the need for unity is a well-accepted norm in the conduct of war . thus , it is very interesting to note what Sun Tzu had to say about unity :
the findings may lead scientists to rethink some of their theories about where comets come from and their role in providing some of the essential ingredients for life on Earth .
the department has implemented a long-term information systems strategy through the application of advanced technology . immigration officers pay regular visits overseas to maintain close liaison with their counterparts abroad .
the Sir David trench Fund for recreation provides grants for the construction and improvement of recreational and sporting facilities , and for the purchase of equipment for sport and recreation .
the Director of audit &apos;s reports on the accounts of other public bodies are submitted to the relevant authority in accordance with the legislation governing the operation of these bodies .
the Ballistics and firearms Identification Bureau is the HKSAR &apos;s authority on arms and ammunition . it is responsible for forensic investigations of all firearms-related crime cases in Hong Kong .
several of the Science studies , however , found evidence that the breakup happened progressively , with the comet shedding material during the weeks leading up to its final demise .
recently , NTUC Income went into partnership with a Shanghai company , eBao Technology . such business deals will be even more common as China develops into an economic powerhouse .
rather than just being pessimistic about Singapore &apos;s future , perhaps we should adjust to the global trends that will affect Singapore and rise to challenges that we may face .
question ( Q ) : recently a new concept in global development has emerged : the knowledge-based Economy ( KBE ) . please explain what is KBE and its trend .
performance pledges are published for the delivery of mail , philatelic and counter services . Hongkong Post achieved the pledged standards - and inmost areas exceeded them - in 1997 .
over time , all conditions will be ripe and the ideal of a Speakers &apos; corner will be realised as naturally as a ditch is formed when water flows along .
our society and schools are stigmatising the so-called tomboys with &quot; improper gender behaviour &quot; , condemning them for their &quot; misdemeanour &quot; , and trying to reform them accordingly .
other important services rendered by the temple include administration of last rites , arrangements for cremation and related ceremonies and the general upkeep of the Hindu crematorium at Cape Collinson .
one aim of the research is to develop a means whereby severely paralysed patients could control the movements of robot arms and other devices by the power of thought alone .
on the other hand , as a result of the impact of globalisation and information technology such as the Internet , the young now also have a wider world view .
on personal values , Asians emphasised the importance of respect for learning , honesty and self-discipline , whereas Americans emphasised achieving success in life , personal achievement and helping others .
nevertheless , while English-medium Internet is becoming saturated , Chinese-medium Internet promises to do well , given the opportunities and potentials which attract funds and support from the business world .
my siblings and I pulled through school with good English grades , partly because my mother insisted on supervising our grammar and vocabulary practices though she didn &apos;t understand much .
it was with such new challenges in mind that the Ministry of Education re-visited its mission and re-aligned its strategies to better prepare our people in time for the future .
in the midst of all these new initiatives and changes to achieve our vision of Thinking schools Learning Nation , where do teachers stand ? what role do they play ?
in fact , everyone enjoys more freedom and openness now . and in some areas , we have more freedom than what people had called for during the Tiananmen incident .
in discussing the appalling standard of Chinese , our concern is neither to make it a dominant language nor to raise its status - this will be a backward step .
in a market economy , the crucial factor for prosperity is fair competition . but if the competition spins out of control , the negative effects must not be overlooked .
in a legal sense , Toshiba may not lose the case . yet , after the media exposure featuring the &quot; patch &quot; , it has already lost in China .
grassroots organisations in Eunos have responded to Senior Minister Lee Kuan Yew &apos;s call at the dialogue session by setting up a special committee to promote racial harmony and unity .
governments of developing countries need to understand this simple principle if they want to conduct education and publicity programmes effectively to promote the new concept of nationalism among their citizens .
from a statistical point of view , this has increased the possibility of air disasters . for rapidly-expanding SIA , this means a greater challenge in maintaining its clean record .
except for the two national orchestras , namely , Singapore Symphony Orchestra and the Singapore Chinese Orchestra , few arts groups here can maintain their standards during the Arts festivals .
everybody were separated - children with women and men alone . they were kept in the street for four hours while the Israelis went into the building , searching everything .
entering the 21st century , the developed countries are facing a common problem : shortage of talent , not funds , and lack of latest knowledge , not latest information .
earlier this year , signs of corrosion were found in metal strips made by Mantegazza of Italy for more than - 500m worth of notes destined for eight eurozone countries .
during 1997 , the centre handled 260 cases of notified vessel emergency , of which 52 developed into search and rescue operations . a total of 178 lives were saved .
during 1997 , 50287 mainland residents came to settle in the HKSAR . of these , 25088 were wives , 21758 were children and 1304 were husbands of local residents .
demand for emergency ambulance services kept rising in the year . during 1997 , ambulances answered 367064 emergency calls , representing an increase of 5.6 per cent compared with 1996 .
but when we cast our minds back to 50 years ago and start focusing on political and historical issues , we will probably promptly stop singing the praises of Japan .
but I have been telling myself that SilkAir is a subsidiary of SIA and that similar misfortunes will never happen to SIA . am I alone in thinking this way ?
between what we are doing and the extreme possibility which Mr Shanmugam has presented , I think there is a considerable difference which is not just quantitative but becomes qualitative .
at first , they made wings like birds . then they jumped off high buildings and tried to fly . many men did this but they all failed to fly .
as a Muslim , post-911 , I am constantly looking out for signs that my fellow non-Muslim Singaporeans are looking at me with a different set of &quot; eyes &quot; .
art experts want the UN to rescue this 2,100-year-old hoard of gold antiquities , called the treasure of Bactria , before it is destroyed or the Taleban melt it down .
an increase of 4.0 per cent in aircraft movements was recorded in 1997 , bringing the annual total to 165 154 , of which 81 per cent were wide-bodied aircraft .
a new town is growing in Tin Shui wai Reserve Zone and a new district headquarters and divisional police station are being built , to be completed in January 2001 .
a good debating contest is more than a feast for the ear . the contestants &apos; brilliant delivery and repartee can be a tonic for one &apos;s intellect as well .
I have made this , the most serious decision of my life , only upon the single thought of what would , in the end , be best for all .
6 、 Ultimately , the teachers and parents must inculcate the importance of civic consciousness into the young minds by setting an example.This will influence their social behaviour in adulthood .
( the writer is fund manager of Jardine Fleming Investment Management Singapore.This column has the support of the Investment Management Association of Singapore and the Stock Exchange of Singapore . )
( the writer is a third year student of School of Communication Studies , NTU . this article first appeared in The Nanyang chronicle , NTU &apos;s students &apos; newspaper )
( the writer is a free-lance writer and consultant . she has worked closely with the Muslim community for the past five years . she contributed this article to Zaobao )
&quot; one can think of the guided rat as a very good robot platform capable of traversing terrain that modem robots are unable to do , &quot; Dr Taiwar said .
&quot; leaders at the Commonwealth Heads of Government meeting in Australia had little knowledge that when shaking the prime minister &apos;s hand they were inches away from the nude . &quot;
ys a regular coupon , or interest rate , it may be suitable for investors , for exam-ple , retirees , who require a regular income over a specific time horizon .
yes , our cultural artefacts are increasingly &quot; going global &quot; - we may one day end up having to scour all over the world for local relics or artistic works .
when Mr Pan said those words , I was but a freshman in the Department of Education . I could not fully comprehend the significance of the &quot; crescent moon &quot; .
weather programmes for the public are presented regularly on television by the Observatory &apos;s meteorologists . during adverse weather , live interviews and briefings are given over the radio and television .
we will be celebrating Singapore &apos;s 36th National Day next Thursday . older Singaporeans have experienced the arduous task of nation-building , but what do young Singaporeans think about the country ?
under the system of democracy , especially during the electoral campaigning , candidates would present the voters with all kinds of gifts , including promises of tax cuts and welfare perks .
to love the country is to love its citizenry.This is fundamental.Loyalty to the nation and country must take precedence over blood ties and loyalty to an individual or to a community .
thus , one of the challenges for translators and interpreters is to learn to appreciate differences and also to keep up with the constant change that is happening all around us .
this remark has hit the nail right on the head - artists will never be satisfied or they will not be artists in the first place , or so they think .
this language can be another &quot; world language &quot; like French , Spanish or German , or perhaps the languages of our Southeast Asian neighbours like Malay , Tagalog and Thai .
this is the sad fate of most monuments . after a while , especially after a long while , people forget . yet monuments are built so that people don &apos;t .
they also single out our accomplished Senior Minister as a dictator who still rules the Republic with an iron fist , even though he had voluntarily relinquished his premiership years ago .
these rogue executives &apos; alleged lapses or criminal acts included fraudulent accounting , tampering with financial records , destroying incriminating documents and other serious breaches of sound accounting and regulatory practices .
there are two types of PLBs : &apos; green &apos; and &apos; red &apos; minibuses , whose roofs are coloured accordingly . their operation is regulated by a passenger service Licence .
the writer feels that the &quot; fearful &quot; image of Singaporeans is actually not their common characteristic . we should more consciously project a better and more positive image of ourselves .
the photographic Section produced 80 217 monochrome photographs and 945 486 colour prints and slides in 1997 . it made videos of crimere-enactments and prepared photographic exhibits for presentation in courts .
the health toll taken by global warming will depend to a large extent on the steps taken to prepare for the dangers . the ideal defensive sfrategy would have multiple components .
the few Muslims who did not want to attend the grassroots function where alcohol was served showed that they lacked the religious knowledge to assess the context they are living in .
the department detected 232 smuggling cases , arrested 358 persons for smuggling offences and seized contraband worth $ 204 million , representing a 54 per cent decrease as compared with 1996 .
the arrival of the men in white - a segment on the annual televised National Day parade I &apos;ve always looked forward to , perhaps conditioned by my mother &apos;s eagerness .
the Hong Kong Stadium was redeveloped with a donation of $ 850 million from the Hong Kong jockey Club . this 40000-seat outdoor arena can stage world-class sports and entertainment events .
the HK film week in London featured the UK premiere of the award-winning film , comrades - Almost a Love Story , with film director Peter Chan attending the gala opening .
the Government will continue to implement the approved reform initiatives with care and sensitivity , taking full account of the views of civil servants as well as the community at large .
the Fire Services Department fights fires , protects life and property in case of fire and other calamity , provides emergency ambulance services and gives fire protection advice to the public .
the 1.6-kilometre , toll-free Cheung Tsing tunnel opened in 1997 and links Lantau Island with West Kowloon and the North-West NewTerritories . it was used by about 6 000 vehicles daily .
that was where ball games were played among kids of the many families － myself included , of course － and where the housewives engaged in chitchats across their iron grilles .
that remark provoked peals of laughter from the local audience who understood it obviously.So the secret is : use the suitable language or combination of languages to strike the right chord .
teaching students computer knowledge and skills is different from conducting class lessons through the use of computers . and schools are beginning to place emphasis on using computers to teach students .
tangible entities like our excellent facilities : the airport , our mass transport system , our national air carrier ; that all allows us the basic level of identification with Singapore .
take the time to look around you . look at the people and how they behave . are we projecting the image of an ideal society ? Nay , I say .
some telescopes do not use a lens at the front . they use a curved mirror at the back . a curved mirror is better than a lens in some ways .
some sounds are harmful . when planes fly low over the land , the very loud sounds can cause damage to houses . very loud sounds can even make people deaf .
so , as we Singaporean Muslims continue to do our part to show our non-Muslim friends what true Islam is , our hope is that they too will meet us halfway .
since Singapore &apos;s shaky independence in 1965 , the government has worked hard to ensure economic prosperity and worldwide recognition , chalking up a few &quot; bests &quot; along the way .
reading pages after pages of the new faces &apos; biographies , one is actually convinced that the ruling party is actually working towards achieving synthesis by introducing elements of the anti-thesis .
ornaments such as rings , some slotted , were also made from quartz and other suitable stones . these adornments came in a range of sizes , sometimes displaying exquisite craftsmanship .
one hot day in mid-July , the aeroplane from Beijing having touched down at Changi Airport , I started my tour of Singapore , a land I had longed to visit .
one Western intellectual contended , in an op-ed essay in the International Herald Tribune , that East Asia did not represent any positive values . this old mindset has not changed .
not only should officials who are responsible for nurturing the arts and culture understand arts production , but they should also know how to make sure that money is well spent .
names , though , are important to identify and isolate that golden moment in history , and it is to cement this history that the monument is given its proud name .
money and effort will not be invested when the need for Chinese names is ignored or seen as unnecessary . the easy way out is to translate or just create one .
locked away in a vault underneath the presidential palace in Kabul is a priceless treasure which is at the mercy of the American bombardment and the Taleban &apos;s spite and greed .
let us recognise and respect diverse approaches and questions and celebrate our unique Singapore culture , a blend of many races , born out of adversity but perhaps spoiled in prosperity .
let it never be said by future generations that indifference , cynicism or selfishness made us fail to live up to the ideals of humanism which the Nobel Peace Prize encapsulates .
it would seem that Mr Nathan had come into contact with many people , but , as he himself has put it , how many people can a person actually know ?
in this connection , Singapore has often been compared with Hong Kong . now , the many pro-democracy parties in Hong Kong may well make fun of Singapore in their comparisons .
in secondary school , I studied Higher Chinese , scored an A2 in the &quot; O &quot; Level exam for the same subject and even recited Chinese prose for a competition .
in global competition , no single country can be a winner all the time . only those with manpower infused with the entrepreneurial spirit are able to increase their competitive edge .
in October 1997 , it was invited to participate in the Fifth China Arts Festival in Chengdu and gave two performances of the original dance medley Suchness , attracting 2366 people .
in November , Toshiba agreed to settle the suit out of court by paying US consumers a total of US $ 1.05 billion ( S $ 1.8 billion ) in compensation .
if you study the document , I am sure you will agree that it captures well the outcomes that all educators desire , for it encapsulates the fundamental of formal education .
if we do not have a good understanding of other races , it is perhaps time to re-examine our attitude . we should acknowledge our differences and be comfortable with them .
highly successful scientists depend on special talents , like in arts , music and so on . nature produces them only very slowly , parsimoniously , and at a constant rate .
her hair is pulled tightly back into a style Italians call melone because it resembles a cantaloupe . Reliefs on coins of the young Empress Faustina show her with this coiffure .
her answer ? she waits for his adamant declaration that she definitely didn &apos;t tell him and then she says quietly , &quot; One day I &apos;ll say something important . &quot;
fortunately , many Malays have better things to do than to ponder on the marginalisation issue . they realise that there is no point to having endless discussions on the issue .
for example , Bill Gates once told the media , &quot; You criticise me for making profits aggressively , but why don &apos;t you present my generosity in giving donations ? &quot;
during the year , the department confiscated assets worth $ 430,000derived from drug trafficking and conducted 1 836 investigations into money laundering . drug-related assets worth $ 2.8 million were restrained .
currently , retail investors can buy Singapore government bonds over the banking counter . the minimum investment for government bonds is S $ 1,000 and treasury bills is S $ 10,0000 .
cloudy conditions prevailed for most of April . the total bright sunshine duration was only 73.6 hours , the tenth-lowest April record . the month was also characterised by misty weather .
but it is not entirely their fault either . they are just products of the educational system ( and this includes the school , family , as well as society ) .
bilingual talents are a great asset in a nation &apos;s economic development in the 21st Century . I sincerely wish Singapore &apos;s new approach to the teaching of Chinese language success !
besides promoting Hong Kong overseas , the HKTA also organised local events throughout the year to further enhance awareness among residents of the importance of the tourist industry to Hong Kong .
be that as it may , Americans , once again , are looking to Chinese culture to enrich their life . this trend is gathering momentum and is there to stay .
at the same time , Singaporeans will look further to the vast areas from the Pacific islands , Indian Ocean and Africans far as Caribbean Sea for business and investment opportunities .
as a result of the reports and feedback from friends in education circles , I cannot help but become concerned about the future of the Chinese language and culture in Singapore .
apart from these above studies , the government will set up a $ 100 million International Events Fund to help support the staging of some 50 international events in Hong Kong .
apart from their love affair with Chinese cuisine , more Americans are turning to its acupuncture , herbal medicines , martial arts , gongfu films , fashions and art and crafts .
any further biased or offensive action or words against them is tantamount to attempts to turn back the wheel of history and will not bode well for the future of Indonesia .
almost at once , the water level in the tube went down a little , but then it started to go up , until the water poured out over the top .
a few days later , I visited a friend who lives in Bedok , and asked her whether she saw the mobile column passing through the main road of her estate .
Israeli scientists have built a DNA computer so tiny that a trillion of them could fit in a test tube and perform a billion operations per second with 99.8 percent accuracy .
I was among the pioneer batch of graduates from Nanyang University . the first time I met Mr Pan Guoqu ( Pan Shou ) , he was the Secretary-General of Nantah .
I like the Chinese language . I especially love traditional Chinese culture and arts . being a Chinese , is it wrong to have a desire to learn the Chinese language ?
I have cited a few examples to show that it is not uncommon for Singaporeans to be completely ignorant , know a little , or possess wrong information about our history .
I come from a Chinese-speaking background . but I &apos;m glad to say I &apos;ve survived pretty well in this predominantly English-speaking community , thanks in part to our bilingual environment .
I also talked to a few Muslim Singaporeans who said ever since the 911 tragedy they have had to reassure their office colleagues that they were not &quot; pious &quot; Muslims .
Excerpts of speech by Mr Tharman Shanmugaratnam , Senior Minister of State for Trade and Industry &amp; Education , at the 8th National Primary schools On-the-Spot Chinese composition Competition last Saturday .
( the writer is Investment manager of Tat Lee Asset Management Limited . this column has the support of Investment Management Association of Singapore and the Stock Exchange of Singapore . )
&quot; not necessarily , but if you don &apos;t sneeze , you &apos;ll die . let me ask you something . how come there &apos;s no air pollution around here ? &quot;
yet , I loved the things the cheenahs loved - listening to Mandarin songs , frequenting lounges where Mandarin songs were performed live , watching Taiwanese variety programmes , reading Chinese books .
writer Catherine Lim , who does not mince words , said at a recent Institute of Policy Studies forum that caricatures of politicians are a symbol of a society &apos;s political maturity .
would another national campaign help ? I hope we would not resort to that ever , as this would certainly make us a butt of jokes in the eyes of the world !
what would it be like if we had a no-holds-barred media war here ? I can envisage the eagerness of some , but there would also be others who would oppose it .
what is remarkable is that the 20,000 or more gold statues , necklaces and ornaments set with precious stones have survived for so long in a city scarred by years of war .
we often hear of the warmness or coldness of colors , the red and blue sides of the color spectrum , respectively . this effect has interesting applications , particularly in designing .
up to some level , creativity requires the coordination of all sides . Eastern culture can play a positive role in this . we can look at the issue at two levels :
to address the doubts and concerns from artists in a way that does not give rise to social problems and affect national unity , is a challenge that the society must overcome .
those who feel frigid towards their neighbours are mostly the working people . by comparison , retirees and housewives are more sociable , as they spend more time about the housing estates .
this article is an abridgement of a paper presented at the launch of &quot; creativity and Learning &quot; seminar on September20 , 1998 , organised by the Singapore Chinese Teachers &apos; Union .
therefore , while technology remains the propelling force for new economy , it is innovation plus initiative that has kept it thriving . new economy is not merely an economy of technology .
there are 41 gazetted bathing beaches - 12 on Hong Kong Island managed by the Provisional Urban Council and 29 in the New Territories and outlying islands by the Provisional Regional Council .
there are 15 sports grounds , 16 swimming pool complexes , 33 indoor recreation centres , 120 tennis courts , 121 squash courts and two golf driving ranges in the council area .
the sun was shining one morning as I took my hands out of the dishwater . &quot; I need a sandpiper , &quot; I said to myself , gathering up my coat .
the school system of reaching for As underlies the country &apos;s culture , which emphasises the chase for economic excellence where wealth and status are must-haves.Such a culture is hard to change .
the permanent exhibition entitled The Story of Hong Kong , which outlines 6000 years of development of Hong Kong from the New Stone Age to modern times , attracted 270 000 visitors .
the owner of a small Toronto coffee shop had grounds for dismay when he received a bill for C $ 2.4 billion ( $ 1.6 billion ) from Canada &apos;s postal service .
the overall law and order situation continued to improve . the crime rate of 1 036 cases per 100 000 population in the year was the lowest in the past 24 years .
the office is also the local agent for the International Standard Book numbering ( ISBN ) System . during the year , 300 new publishers &apos; prefixes conforming to ISBN were issued .
the last comparable event , according to experts , was in November 1982 when the Hong Kong-British authorities publicised A perspective on Education in Hong Kong : report by a Visiting Panel .
the impression we get of Japan in our daily life is that of an admirable and fabulous country . very few people , I think , will disagree with such a view .
the first landing at the new HKIA - by a Government flying Service Super King Air fixed wing aircraft on February 20,1997 - represented a major milestone in the Airport core Programme .
the establishment of Nanyang University in 1955 expressed the determination of the Chinese community in Singapore , not only to transmit , but also to develop its culture from generation to generation .
the comfort of home will expand into the neighbourhood when you meet acquaintances everywhere around where you live.After all , home is not confined within the walls of one &apos;s own flat .
the answer probably lies with the younger people . parents and our educational institutions have a vital role to play in inculcating the right attitudes in our young during their formative years .
the Administration has introduced a Management-Initiated retirement Scheme to provide for the retirement of directorate civil servants on permanent and pensionable terms to facilitate improvement in the government organisation since September 2000 .
the 1997 fringe Festival was staged over three weeks in January . some 300000 people attended performances and exhibitions by more than 170 groups and individual artists from Hong Kong and overseas .
that laid the groundwork for the good grades that were to come with help from a tutor . my mother only wanted the best . hence a Taiwanese tutor , no less .
some scientists believe that ocean living will benefit man in more than physical ways . in the freedom and beauty of the deep sea , man may find new sources of joy .
separately , deregulation of local fixed telecom services and the licensing of new telecom technologies are expected to attract investments valued at more than $ 5 billion in the next 10 years .
secondly , ideas upheld by the WTO , such as the free market economy and minimisation of government interference , will help boost China &apos;s progress towards a &quot; limited government &quot; .
resume highlights : as a kid , living in a Georgia mill town , he raised chickens for spending money . in 1981 , named youngest vice president in Coca-Cola &apos;s history .
picture the scene . other half and I , sprawled out in front of the television . a fleeting sensation of domestic happiness passes over me and all my troubles vanish quickly .
or , at the opposite extreme , there are those who believe Singapore is the best country on earth , eulogising it as &quot; second to none , under the sun &quot; .
only in this way could one make sure that all the free energy potentially present. in the form of human resources is channeled effectively within a wider cooperative organization amongst friendly nations .
one of the hot topics in the sector has been how to engage the huge population of China on the Net and how to tap the great potentials of e-commence with them .
on June 1 , 2000 , the Government introduced a new fringe benefits package which includes revised leave earning rates , a new leave passage arrangement and non-accountable housing benefits for recruits .
now , by telling my stories , I would like to express our deepest gratitude , through Lianhe Zaobao , to all the good Samaritans , who did not leave their names .
no growth-This could be a sign of a food allergy . this can cut your hair &apos;s growing cycle short so the hair will only grow to a certain length before shedding .
meanwhile , closer to home , Singaporean members of the Jemaah Islamiah ( JI ) targetted Americans whom they saw as supporting Israel and the continued persecution of Palestinians in apartheid conditions .
may to August are hot and humid with occasional showers and thunderstorms , particularly during the mornings.Afternoon temperatures often exceed 31 degrees , but at night temperatures generally remain around 26 degrees .
life , of course , has its ugly and undesirable side , but the young in China are still dynamic and creative because of a more open environment and plenty of choices .
it is only through stronger ties among all nations , through the realization of internationally cooperative effort , that one will be capable of planning the general scenario of the 2lst century .
it has been a drastic change from autocracy to democracy . autocracy allows one person or one political party to decide everything , whereas democracy requires that all people make decisions together .
is it available ? Collins predicts hospitals may be able to offer the B-12 scan as diagnostic tool in two to three years . other tumortargeting agents are being investigated as well .
instead , we have taken things for granted . we cannot bring ourselves to care enough . and sadly , that &apos;s the price of political stability . the price of peace .
inside was a drawing in bright crayon hues -- a yellow beach , a blue sea , a brown bird . underneath was carefully printed : a sandpiper to bring you joy .
indeed , what Singapore is today can be attributed in large part to what our teachers have successfully done at each stage to prepare our populace well to take on the future .
in our own time racial conflicts , and religious bigotry , have polarised or torn apart countries and communities , and inflicted untold miseries on their people and retarding their national development .
in July 2000 , Giesecke ＆ Devirent , the Munich  based printer , made a mistake in reproducing one of the secret security features on more than 360m - 100 notes .
ignorance is not bliss for any Singaporean , whether it is on the part of Muslims or non-Muslims . out of such initiatives , they will learn that all religions enjoin goodness .
how could fragments of statues found together off Italy &apos;s coast vary so greatly in age ? they may be the first evidence of bronze being shipped for recycling in ancient times .
his favourite gadget is a Russian - made rocket launcher which holds 40 three metre-long missilles . the truck - mounted BM21 is the equivalent in Afghanistan of owning a Lear jet .
heading a group of Chinese-language teachers on a recent trip to China , the author visited schools in Beijing and Shandong province . he shares his observations and reflections with our readers .
for example , our experiences over the past years show that , in Singapore as well as in the West , one is tends to suffer disdvantages while emphasising modesty and generosity .
even if the government or the university gives us opportunities to improve our proficiency in the Chinese language , it will be useless if we do not involve ourselves in the process .
enough has been said to show the advantages and some of the problems of the electric railways . electric trains , clean and quiet , are providing excellent service for the public .
economically , we wish to create a stable , productive internatiOflal economic system , backed by cooperative agreements to promote growth in a world economy free from the destructive forces of protectionism .
each such occasion is a celebration of solidarity , such as the unwavering political , diplomatic and material support of the Chinese people and government for South Africa &apos;s struggle for liberation .
chemistry has always appealed to people who enjoy learning about substances and their properties . to those who believe that any substance can be improved , chemistry excites and challenges the imagination .
by making it a policy and working closely with Malay organisations intent on improving the community , it would take an ingrate great courage to work on ways to dispel such measures .
both Lantos and Giacheth work toward conserving the bronze while remaining faithful to the original . &quot; you are preserving his story , &quot; said Lantos , &quot; wrinkles and all . &quot;
at around the same time , the HKTA also supported the HKSDB inco-organising the first marketing of Sports in the 21st Century conference , which attracted some 100 participants from 18 countries .
as the world is moving towards the Global Village era , with freer movements of people and instant communications between countries , more of the hitherto homogeneous societies are becoming plural ones .
among scientists and technologists worldwide , said Prof Yang , those of Asian origin would undoubtedly emerge as a vital contigent with their distinctive contributions to the rapid advancements in high technologies .
a year later she found a note under her door , from Teddy , telling her that of all the teachers he &apos;d had in elementary school , she was his favorite .
a simple lifestyle and giving his best in whatever he does are what made Mr Nathan who he is today . these are the qualities that have made a President of Singapore .
Singapore is a multi-racial country with several languages and cultures . ethnic Chinese account for 75 per cent of the population , but their native language is not proportionately important or useful .
Singapore , the United States , and the other civilized nations or the world are working together to protect our way of life and the open , successful societies we have built .
Mr Lim is not only suggesting that we strengthen our economy . he also advocates social cohesion . after all , people &apos;s support is vital in any economic system or polity .
January was warmer and wetter than normal . the monthly mean temperature of 16.7 degrees and total rainfall of 44.6 millimetres were 0.9 degrees and 21.2 millimetres higher than the respective averages .
I have to admit that I nearly did fall into the trap of becoming a snob . though not consciously , I had begun to use the label cheenah without much thought .
I have lived most of my life in the 20th century . you will live most of your lives in the 21st century . what does the future hold for your century ?
I feel that we shouldn &apos;t worry unnecessarily . the Year 2000 is a continuation of a man-made calendar . look at the major religions which have stood the test of time .
Angela is laughig . she has been waiting for me , watching the scene . we have become friends through our children , her son and mine are in the same class .
( this column has the support of the Investment Management Association of Singapore and the Stock Exchange of Singapore . the writer is Investment manager , Tat Lee Asset Management Limited . )
( the writer is the Investment manager of Jardine Fleming Investment Management . this column has the support of the Investment Management Association of Singapore and the Stock Exchange of Singapore . )
( the writer is a student in the Chinese Studies Department , NUS . she is studying for a samester at Shanghai &apos;s Fudan Univerity on a Students &apos; Exchange Programme . )
( the writer is a Fund manager of Morgan Grenfell Asia Ltd . this Column has the support of the Investment Management Association of Singapore and the Stock Exchange of Singapore . )
( the writer is Managing Director , Mor-ley Fund Management Singapore Ltd . this column has the support of the Investment Management Association of Singapore and the Stock Exchange of Singapore . )
&quot; the Swiss people can better appreciate Nature and enjoy a leisurely life , &quot; remarked a fellow visitor from Singapore , &quot; probably because they live close to the Alps . &quot;
what makes people more wary of Westerners ? are they harder to please , or do they take offence more easily ? what , after all , is revealed in such a mindset ?
what I want to know is how does an innocent declaration of love turn into yet an other battle of our perennial &quot; No , You &apos;re the One Who &apos;s Deaf . &quot;
viewers here have reaped the benefits of media liberalisation . at least , people interviewed by the Chinese news channels try hard to speak Mandarin - something hardly seen before competition was introduced .
under the &apos; polluter pays &apos; principle , schemes to charge for the treatment and disposal of sewage , chemical wastes and oily waste from ships ( MARPOL ) were introduced in 1995 .
two companies incorporated in Hong Kong have been granted licences under the Outer Space ordinance . apt satellite Company Limited ( apt ) successfully launched its third satellite , APSTAR-IIR , in October .
true story : a photograph from his trip to Egypt shows a group of tourists Gazing at the Valley of the Kings -- Ivester is staring into the garbage , counting Coke cans .
trains can be held up by frozen points , the icing of electice conductor rails , and fog , so warnings are provided by weathermen in time for precautionary measures to be taken .
today , the majority of its practitioners are Americans . they offer a wide range of consultancy services to both individuals and businesses . the successful among them are reaping handsome financial rewards .
to tackle Hong Kong &apos;s air pollution problems , the government has a policy to apply the most stringent motor vehicle fuel and emission standards , once they become practical and available locally .
this article is an abridgement of a paper the author presented at the seminar on Thinking Skills and the teaching of Chinese Language , organised by the Ministry of Education on September 7 .
this abridged English version is also written by the author who is Assistant Professor and Co-ordinator , Asian languages and cultures Academic Group ( Chinese ) , National Institute of Education , NTU .
there is no longer anything that will not happen , even in Singapore . the alarm has been raised and everyone should now &quot; be prepared for danger in times of peace &quot; .
there is a relationship between bond prices and interest rates , and the maturity of a bond has an impact on its price sensitivity to interest rates . this article examines the relationship .
the writer believes that we need to have a clearer definition of &quot; foreign talent &quot; . this is necessary in order for us to attract the right talents to suit our needs .
the traditional fung shui woods near old villages and temples have provided an important habitat for many birds . Sightings in wooded areas include warblers , flycatchers , robins , bulbuls and tits .
the strengthening of Hong Kong &apos;s ties with the United States and Canada continued with high-level visitors from Hong Kong during the year , besides promotional activities in various cities across North America .
the first principle of all water treatment is to start with the best , purest water available . then it must be brought up to standard which make it always fit to drink .
the experiment involved exploiting the principle that an animal can be trained to do tasks by stimulating &quot; reward &quot; regions of the brain that normally respond to food , drink and sex .
the committee recommended that action under the pharmacy and poisons ordinance and the Dangerous Drugs ordinance should continue to be taken against the illegal sale of Psychotropic drugs by medical practitioners and pharmacies .
the Singapore courts launched an initiative to institutionalise mediation as a way to reclaim our Asian heritage of settling differences harmoniously . this article illustrates the difference between Western and Chinese mediation practices .
the News Sub-division maintains direct contact with the media on a 24-hour basis . it disseminates government information to over 100newspapers , news agencies , television and radio stations , and other organisations .
the FTNS operators are connected to HKTI &apos;s international gateways so that customers may have direct access to a variety of international telecommunications services , regardless of which operator &apos;s service they choose .
the Community Relations Department educates the public against the evils of corruption and enlists community support to fight the problem.Community education is conducted via the media and its network of eight regional offices .
the Central Policy Unit provides advice on policy issues to meet the special requirements of the Chief Executive , the Chief Secretary for Administration and the Financial Secretary and reports direct to them .
that was a harrowing scene on the road , but it was also a typical and vivid portrayal of racial harmony . at this moment , that scene keeps flashing across my mind .
slowly , I &apos;ve come to understand : why did id I have to be ashamed of my parents &apos; poor English ? let the English teachers worry about the communication barrier instead .
secondly , visiting relatives and close friends was another time-honoured custom that was undertaken cheerfully , and reciprocated enthusiastically too , as a thoughtful way of affirming the ties of kinship and friendship .
regardless of being &quot; offshore &quot; or &quot; onshore &quot; , ultimately the key issue is to know and understand what it is you invest in , and be patient for the returns .
present Value = 〔 $ 8 / ( 1 + 6 % ) 〕 + 〔 $ 8 + $ 100 / ( 1 + 6 % ) 2 . 〕 = $ 103.67
present Value = 〔 $ 8 / ( 1 + 5 % ) 〕 + 〔 $ 8 + $ 100 / ( 1 + 5 % ) 2 . 〕 = $ 105.58
perhaps one day in the future anyone will be able to take a trip to the moon just like going on a train or bus journey . what an adventure that would be !
once again , the registration of next year &apos;s primary 1 pupils is in full swing , keeping many parents anxious that their kids may not get into one of those elite schools .
on personal values , Asians from the two sub-regions gave equal emphasis to the importance of hard work , respect for learning , honesty , self-reliance , self-discipline and the fulfilment of obligations .
on my journey back to Singapore , I stopped off in London to switch to another flight . there , I saw on TV the wreckage of SQ006 burning fiercely in the rain .
not knowing the past of the Chinese people makes it difficult to understand their present and their sensitivities . just a little carelessness on our part may be enough to hurt their feelings .
never dawned on him that Chinese calligraphy is all black on white and that the more colourful Chinese art such as the Qing wares emerged only after the advent of the Italian monks .
make the most of what little space you have by shoving anything you don &apos;t mind wrinkling -- socks , underwear -- into your shoes . fold other clothes as flat as possible .
major re-surveys of the port areas continue and bilingual nautical charts and publications are published for sale to the public . Hydrographic surveys and nautical charts follow the standards set by the IHO .
language , as part of culture , is our software in securing economic benefits . we should be proficient in Chinese and English to excel , particularly in business dealings beyond our shores .
it is not often that one dares to stick his neck out to make an unpopular prediction , and then be proven right almost ten years later . here is my own story .
in the point block where I live today , only four units share a level . the average HDB resident knows much fewer of his neighbours now , let alone visit their homes .
in the Philippines , to salvage someone means to execute that person . and the word , evacuate , is not uttered in polite society . it means to move one &apos;s bowels .
history is replete with examples showing followers of different faiths committing atrocities in the name of religion . but what a religion preaches and how its followers behave are two completely different things .
fortunately , IDD rates have fallen sharply with the liberalisation of the telecommunications market . I consider this the best &quot; hongbao &quot; from the Singapore government for foreigners who have moved here .
for I believe that Chinese culture and traditions do not advocate pedantry or preserving the sacred cows . on the contrary , they attach importance to education and encourage constant learning and thinking .
first , I believe that the West has not yet come to accept Asia as an equal . the West has dominated Asia for the major part of the past two hundred years .
few Singaporeans are familiar with the term humanity . it will be a tremendous and formidable task to &quot; revamp &quot; our school system to make the cultivation of humanity a key concern .
facing such opportunities and challenges , one must speed up adjustment . that &apos;s why Bill Gates has pointed out time and again that the key issue in the 21st century is speed .
each of these communities makes its own contributions to the well-being of Singapore without losing its respective cultural and intellectual heritage as Singaporean Chinese , Singaporean Malays , Singaporean Indians or Singaporan Eurasians .
during the year , various sports development programmes such as athletics , badminton , basketball , golf , table tennis , wushu , football , ballet and squash were organised for 21670 youths .
dance , music and theatre technical arts students staged performances of Chinese music and Chinese dance in London and Edinburgh during October at the invitation of the Hong Kong Economic and Trade Office .
code Red surreptitiously infects computers running Microsoft Corp. &apos; s Windows NT or 2000 operating systems and its IIS Web server software and then makes infected machines scan the Internet for more victims .
but with deeper insights into Singapore and more frequent exchange programmes between officials of the two sides , something has changed - Singapore has begun to lose its attraction to bigger Chinese cities .
but we can expect Taiwan to intensify its claim that the Republic of China is a sovereign state . it will also attempt to extricate itself from the &quot; one China framework &quot; .
because my siblings and I have gone through our self-defining years comfortable with who our parents are , I now feel a sense of achievement over those who reject one language for another .
as Chinese become used to a &quot; limited government &quot; in the economic sphere , the demand will soon extend to the political arena where a &quot; limited government &quot; is equally desirable .
and Huang is taking Eyah.com a step beyond providing information on immigration and education about Australia . the company has set its eyes on the Internet markets in Mainland China and Hong Kong .
an Australian firm unveiled on March 27 , 2002 an electronic shark repellent unit which when attached to a swimmer &apos;s leg , it will emit an electronic field to warn of sharks .
according to a press report on a dialogue session with junior college , polytechnic and university students in May this year , more than three-quarters of them expressed pessimism about Singapore &apos;s future .
accident records are regularly updated , using the microcomputer-based traffic accident data system installed in 1991 . the updated accident database provides a basis for traffic accident analysis and road safety strategy formulation .
abroad , there are people who take extreme measures like fleeing to remote areas to set up Communes to protect themselves from any disasters . besides food , they also stock up weapons .
a young man born in the years of unrest emerged as a firm , intrepid warrior from all the adversities . having overcome countless hardships , he has embarked on the road tosuccess .
a study conducted in Singapore shows that Chinese characters may be the reason why local children aged between six and 12display a higher IQ than their peers in Britain , Germany and Australia .
a new Sustainable Development Unit was set up in April under the Chief Secretary for Administration &apos;s Office in pursuance of the Government &apos;s commitment to achieve a sustainable future for Hong Kong .
a human resource manager from a cruise company told me recently that she detected a desperate sense of &quot; hunger and thirst &quot; when this category of workers showed up for job interviews .
Zobel says , &quot; Lee is very straightforward , superhonest and he always knew what he was talking about . Lee Kuan Yew is a great leader whom I admire the most . &quot;
SwissAir allowed foreign visitors , myself included , to enter the airfield without undergoing body frisking . this is because people who are trusted and respected will treat others in the same way .
Singapore , like the U.S. , is a multi-cultural nation . in both our countries , harmony between persons of different faiths and ethnicities is a requirement for social stability and economic prosperity .
Mooring buoys in the harbour provide places for transfer of cargo between ships and barges . the Marine Department provides and maintains 60 buoys which can be booked through the vessel Traffic Centre .
I have yet to come across a case of siblings falling out with each other over some collections of books handed down to them by their parents and taking the dispute to court .
I belong to the third school . I believe that in spite of its heterogeneity , Asians who live in Northeast Asia and Southeast Asia , do share certain personal and societal values .
Hong Kong is the base for regional publications such as Asia week and the Far East Economic Review . the Asian Wall Street Journal and the International Herald Tribune are also printed here .
China &apos;s research on prominent artists who had great influence on Singapore is also rather limited . here , the late master artist Xu Beihong and renowned composer Xian Xinhai come to mind .
Alicia : when I checked in on October 9 , I couldn &apos;t help worrying about Kara , who was in another part of the hospital having surgery to remove her bone marrow .
1 . scientific research requires tradition , experiment and economic foundations . such prerequisites were absent on Chinese soil before the fifties . this is a historical fact of the past 500 years .
( the author , editor of The nineties , a defunct Hong Kong-based magazine , is senior political commentator . the Chinese original was published in Ming Pao Monthly , March 2000 . )
&quot; okay , I &apos;ll try it . if I &apos;d know I was cming to a place that had nothing but fresh air , I would have brought a surgical mask &quot; .
（ The writer is executive director of the Asia-Europe Foundation in Singapore . this comment was adapted from a speech he made on July 9 at the Foreign correspondents &apos; Club of Hong Kong ）
（ The writer is Director of the Division of Chinese Languageand Culture and Director of the Centre for Chinese Language and Culture in NTU . he is also a Chinese press resource panellist . ）
with China taking up 70 percent of all foreign direct investments in the region , the other Asian countries are now facing the direct threat of the rise of China as a formidable competitor .
with Britain &apos;s decline after World War II , the world leadership passed to the Americans who inherited from the British , and built upon , the all-pervasive soft power of the English language .
when the enemy is unseen and there are no front lines , when death can be ingested , touched or merely inhaled , have we in fact created a more peaceful and secure place ?
when interviewed by this newspaper , many political and academic figures and civil groups said they welcomed the move . indeed , some of them even regretted that it could have been made earlier .
when a car gets too old , it may not run any more . but the metal that the car was made of is still good . it can be put to use again .
when French philosopher and writer Sartre Jean-Paul died in 1980 , tens of thousands of people , many of whom were just ordinary Parisians , showed up to bid a final farewell to him .
what about Singaporean Muslims ? they want to take the &quot; middle path &quot; of Islam - they want to adapt to the times and embrace modernity while keeping the essentials of their faith .
undergraduates are the cream of the crop . they are quite unhappy with the injustice of unequal opportunity for young people due to factors like connections with the rich and powerful and crony capitalism .
under the Basic Law , the Legislative Council of the HKSAR shall be constituted by election . the election of the second term of the Legislative Council was held on September 10 , 2000 .
to promote the community &apos;s commitment in heritage conservation work , the AMO set up a Friends of Heritage scheme to organise heritage lovers who were prepared to undertake voluntary work for the office .
to meet the increase in demand for Lantau taxi services upon opening of the Lantau link and population intake in Tung Chung New Town , 10 new Lantau taxi licences were issued in 1997 .
thus we can say that the sun is the place where nearly all energy comes from , and that without the sun &apos;s heat and light , there could be no life on earth .
this is probably a better way for us in Singapore to reach out to students who are already comfortable with English . I advocate separate classes for students to learn Chinese in different ways .
therefore , it is the PAP &apos;s top priority to stay alert , energise and renew itself by taking in the best talent so asto meet even tougher challenges in changing and changed circumstances .
therefore , it is imperative for Singapore to ensure that cultures of East and West complement each other for its own good , since a &quot; rootless &quot; society would be in great peril .
there is no real hurry for us to pass our judgment on the Speakers &apos; corner . it has just come into being and we should give it some time to find its bearings .
there are many adult Singaporeans who have yet to cast their votes because they happen to live in constituencies uncontested by the opposition . this is no doubt a drawback to our democratic system .
then , they would say , &quot; True , my sons now studying in the US say so , too . they say what we believe is untrue , just China &apos;s one-sided view .
the writer is a visitor from China . he was greatly impressed by Singapore &apos;s racial harmony and it prompted him to write this article to relate his personal experiences during his stay here .
the writer is a third year student of School of Communication Studies , NTU . this article first appeared in The Nanyang chronicle , NTU &apos;s students &apos; newspaper . translated by Yap Gee Poh
the weather in May was typical of the season in terms of precipitation.Heavy rain occurred on May 8 , necessitating the issuance of the first Rainstorm Red Warning and Landslip Warning in the year .
the reasons aside , what merits our concern is -- how many of those 150,000 overseas Singaporeans still opt to keep their citizenship , and whether those still in two minds will return eventually .
the predators -- known as unmanned aerial vehicles ( UAVs ) come from the CIA &apos;s squadron of remotecontrol drones . they are inaudible from the ground and can identify targets five miles away .
the obvious role models for us to emulate are Japan , New Zealand , Canada and the Scandinavian countries , where courtesy and mutual respect for each other is truly a way of life .
the model could also form the basis of computers that could be used to screen DNA libraries in parallel without sequencing each molecule , which could speed up the acquisition of knowledge about DNA .
the mega bugs exhibition staged in the Museum from December 1997 , featured nine monster-sized robotic insects and arthropods . they overwhelmed visitors by their huge size , realistic appearance and well-engineered animation sequence .
the higher the share price or the lower the exercise price the more valuable a call . this is because the call gives us the right to buy the share at a fixed price .
the creation of people like Osama bin Laden and Saddam Hussein has got more to do with politics as followers of current affairs will know , especially when their rise to power is examined .
the company engaged consultancy studies to improve the electrical system of the tram cars and tram tracks , and its motorman training.Recommendations from the studies were being introduced in phases to improve the service .
the alarm was raised when a man paying for groceries in the small town of Vihti , 30km from Helsinki , had his- 500 note rejected by a cashier on Jan , 3 night .
the advancement of knowledge and science defines one such global arena where men and women can work together to contribute to human freedom in its fullest sense of a better life for all humanity .
the Royal Dutch Shell Group has nearly 100,000 employees working in almost 135 countries . many of the over 6,000 expatriate employees are posted in countries where English is not necessarily the first language .
the Operations Department receives and investigates reports of suspected corruption under the Prevention of Bribery ordinance , election malpractices under the Corrupt and illegal Practices ordinance , and corruption-related offences under the ICAC ordinance .
the Jupiter-Saturn region would have been just the right temperature for such a comet , which is much closer to the sun than the Kuiper Belt or Oorl Cloud where most comets probably formed .
the Cross-Harbour tunnel , the Eastern harbour crossing , the Tate &apos;s Cairn tunnel and the Western harbour crossing were built by the private sector under &apos; build , operate and Transfer &apos; franchises .
the Arab was amazed at the question , but he hastened to answer . &quot; indeed , the cake was hard . a big Ma &apos;moul that I brought with me from the tavern .
so , therefore , what we are trying to do is to retain some of the strengths of these different ethnic groups and cultural traditions while at the same time building a Singaporean identity .
significant events , such as the grant of the right to Beijing to host the 2008 Olympic Games and the impending entry into the WTO , clearly signify the tremendous growth potential of China .
our experience and lessons over half a century , the purposes and principles of the Charter and the epochal theme of peace and development , have all raised solemn and urgent demands on us .
one classic example is the Jewish people with their various achievements resulting from their unity and mutual help in addition to their abilities , thanks to the distinctive heritage of their religion and culture .
now the definition of Shangdi is &apos; God &apos; , but this word is used almost exclusively for , and is widely understood to be referring to , the God of the Christian faith .
now is the time to dream . when things are at their worst , when people say there is no hope , when the future looks bleak , now is the time to dream .
not everyone from my generation might agree with such sentiments , but then , the sense of national belonging is at the core , something special to each individual with different points of reference .
no one who visits China can escape tea . it is a mark of courtesy of Chinese to present the visitor with a cup of tea as soon as he steps in the house .
many knowledgeable observers of the US business scene believe that what has happened there is merely scratching the surface and that more corporate black sheep will soon emerge , with ramifications of global dimensions .
leverage - An old investment maxim is to not invest more than you can afford to lose . the danger in many investments is that you can find you lose more than you invested .
less than 5 years after he birth of the World Wide Web , some 90 million people are online around the world , and that number will be hundreds of millions before too long .
it looks like he is attempting the impossible . however , if people know what &apos;s happening on the Australian bourse , they may believe that Eyah.com is spinning a good story about itself .
it is unhealthy not to face up to the reality that different ethnic groups may not have an adequate understanding of each other , and sweep any ill feelings or misunderstandings under the carpet .
it is a cruel fact that many , including me , find hard to accept . never mind that memories of the 3-year-old SilkAir disaster which I covered , remain vivid in my mind .
is it right for Europe to do so when the facts are that there are 118 countries which retain capital punishment in their laws as against 67 which have legally abolished the death penalty ?
in the old days of autocracy , around the monarch there was always a throng of toady courtiers . the dictator enjoyed all sorts of praise and flattery but hated frank criticism and admonition .
in such a low interest-rate environment , it may still be good for investors to consider in-vesting some money in bonds because they will be able to achieve a higher return than cash deposits .
in other words , our culture abhors failures and worships academic achievements.Sadly , many late developers and worthy failures were often denied a second chance to redeem themselves , whether in business or employment .
in many of the countries that Shell is present , key stakeholders ( often members of Government and key decision-makers ) do not speak English , nor do they conduct official meetings in English .
in front of this distinguished audience , we commit the new South Africa to the relentless pursuit of the purposes defined in the World Declaration on the Survival , Protection and Development of Children .
in ethics , there is a poser about the difference between killing and letting die . if we complacently accept something , do nothing about it , is it as good as condoning it ?
in conclusion , I would like to leave you with a brain teaser . imagine this is 1996 and you are an investor looking at the Dynamic random Access Memory ( DRAM ) industry :
if this research continues to advance , the age of Ratbot could be a prelude to the day when paralysed humans could operate artificial limbs , just like the half-human cyborgs of science fiction .
if any of you want to talk about this subject some more , please write or e-mail me your thoughts , or we can talk about your ideas when you are here this Christmas .
however , it was during the Second World War and the following years that a widespread understanding finally emerged of the fundamental role of science for industrial development of both civil and military applications .
furthermore , in the field of physics , where international involvement is the greatest , during last five years , seven out of 10 Nobel laureates have made their discoveries in internationally oriented organizations .
for the Mid-Autumn Festival on the 15th day of the eighth moon , adults and children gather under the full moon with colourful lanterns and exchange gifts of moon cakes , fruit and wine .
flowers and cards poured into the Embassy and , along with Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong and the Singapore leadership , thousands of ordinary Singaporeans came to the memorial service at the National Stadium .
financial reward : ＄ 3.6 million in salary and bonus last year in addition to another ＄ 16.8 million in restricted stock ( which cannot be sold until he turns 62 or retires ) .
equally important , more young Singaporeans with brainpower and creative genius must be recruited as arts professionals . it would help if their remuneration gets closer to the benchmark of the more established professions .
each occasion expresses an affinity between ideals , such as those of the tradition of learning embodied in Beijing Uni versity , and the people of South Africa &apos;s quest for justice and freedom .
during this period , a limited number of outstanding scientists in a few universities can be identified as the main catalysts of this process . their influence spread remarkably quickly and widely over Europe .
currently , Chinese-medium Internet still faces problems.The Chinese government is wary about politically sensitive information online , and the conversion of Chinese characters &apos; internal encoding is still inconvenient for reading and editing online .
but if we are not even ready to probe deeper for an understanding of Kuo Pao Kun &apos;s spiritual resources , cognitive ability and moral courage , do we deserve another Kuo Pao Kun ?
but I soon &quot; lost &quot; the language - after I wasn &apos;t required to study it anymore . being around those who hardly spoke Mandarin , I became like them in no time .
bad hair days are guaranteed to happen at exactly the wrong moment . just when you want to look your best , your hair becomes dry , flat dull or full of split ends .
at a recent grassroots dialogue session , some non-Muslim MPs asked why Muslim women did not shake hands when this is common practise among Muslims worldwide , not least in predominantly Muslim South-East Asia .
as the pioneer batch of Nantah freshmen , our lives in the Yunnan Garden campus were not pleasant . outsiders will find it hard to imagine the mental anguish we had to go through .
as the name of her One Nation party suggests , it is anti-aborigines and anti-immigrants . in a country that practices parliamentary democracy , she is walking a political tightrope by openly advocating racism .
as a result of a social transformation , old rules have been broken and the Chinese society has disintegrated into segments that have obvious differences . there are also great divisions among the young .
as I grew up in a Mandarin-speaking family , my grades for English were dismal throughout my primary and secondary school years . but I never failed to score distinction in the Chinese language .
are these Western media being fair to Singapore , and are their views coloured by their own perceptions of what it ought to be in order to conform to the dominant Western value systems ?
altogether 367 recruits , comprising 39 Station Officers and 328 firemen , successfully completed initial training during the year . moreover , continuation training courses were also arranged for 76 in-service Probationary Station Officers .
alternatively , investors can consider invest-ing in fixed income unit trusts . the benefits of unit trusts are that investors are able to invest in smaller denominations with typical invest-ments of S $ 1,000 .
after just one taste , squeak loved it . he began watching for me and waiting by the door handle . when I walked in , he poked around me looking for the nectar .
active troughs of low pressure brought a total rainfall of 783.6 millimetresin June making it the seventh-wettest June on record . there were four days with rainfall exceeding 100 millimetres recorded at the Observatory .
a rocket is made of metal . there is a hot gas inside it . when it rushes out of the end of the rocket , the rocket is pushed up into the air .
a former US Ambassador to China , J Stapleton-Roy , had written that no government in human history has done so muchfor so many people in such a short time as the government ofChina .
Taiwanese hope to develop a society that is just , fair and safe . issues such as law and order , environmental protection , medical care , education and housing are their key concerns .
Taiwanese Hsiao Bi-khim who holds an American passport but also serves as an adviser to the Taiwanese President , is another example of someone whose sense of belonging and national affiliation are not identical .
Singapore has been an independent nation for 34 years but has yet to form a &quot; Singapore tribe &quot; . in a country such as ours , what are our university students concerned about ?
I know of teachers who could have worked with the brightest students , but who chose to be posted to schools where they could put their effort into helping those who have difficulty coping .
I don &apos;t know how they do it . I hope I never have to find out . but single parents everywhere , this column , and my deep admiration , is for you .
I don &apos;t blame them . having suffered the shocks and hardships of the Japanese occupation and the uncertainties of the sixties , they have good reasons to believe in the unpredictability of life .
I can identify strongly with the movie which highlights the grievances , frustrations and voices of many pupils . after all , we all go through the same school system , don &apos;t we ?
Hong Kong is a major film-producing centre . during the year , Hong Kong produced 455 films and videos compared with 657 in 1996 . action films and comedies continued to dominate the market .
Einstein make achievements on gravitation . he produced a new law of gravitation . in fact , his law was tested during an eclipse of the sun . this showed that Einstein was right .
&quot; you &apos;re alive , &quot; I suddenly thought to myself . &quot; you are alive . for three months , you &apos;ve known you have cancer , but you &apos;re still alive . &quot;
&quot; they &apos;re much harsher and far less musical-sounding than domestic cats , &quot; Nicastro says . &quot; when I &apos;ve played the sounds for other people , they think they &apos;ve leopards . &quot;
yet he is not complacent . in the prime of life , the youth has vowed to do even better and lay a foundation as solid as rocks for his offspring of generations to come .
with the intensification of competition in the international marketplace , we need to review and re-focus , a need that is made all the more urgent by the ever-changing scenarios created by an IT age .
while domestic cats may not know language , a study suggests the animals , which have lived alongside people for thousands of years , have adapted their &quot; meows &quot; to befter communicate with humans .
what will the post-crisis economic landscape look like ? the frank answer is that I do not know . what it will look like will depend upon how Asia faces up to six critical choices .
waiting for a suggestion from above does nothing . hoping to strike 4D is nothing . rather , let us meet , let us talk , let us gather in discussion for a better Singapore .
to cope with recent port development , plans are afoot to reorganise the mooring buoys in Kellett Bank and Junk Bay . this project will involve substantial dredging and co-ordination with other port development projects .
thus , it will mark a great step forward in history and also serve as a common pledge of the peoples of the world to fight racism wherever it occurs and whatever guise it assumes .
this means more than a series of self-improvement courses for the teachers . as the education reform is necessitated by changes in economy and society , teachers should be helped to adjust their mindset accordingly .
this funny story can make us smile with some sadness , but it also bears witness to the culture of silence which is so pervasive in our society . this has not come about overnight .
these developments have not occurred abruptly or in isolation . the Speak Mandarin Campaign has evolved to become a part of the larger policy &quot; scheme &quot; to cultivate a Chinese intellectual and cultural elite .
there are millions of galaxies in the universe , and so there are thousands of millions of millions of suns . many astronomers believe that some of these suns have planets as our sun does .
the tectonic plates of the world &apos;s political economy are shifting . this is a moment in history for Asian thinkers and decision-makers to summon the courage to think long-term and transcend the old paradigm .
the synagogue was built in 1901 on land given by Sir Jacob Sassoon and his family and includes a Mikvah ( ritual bath ) . there is also a Jewish cemetery , at happy Valley .
the sub-division runs a 24-hour press enquiry service . it has a comprehensive press library , holding press cuttings and copies of all government press releases available for use by journalists , researchers and students .
the results of a teacher &apos;s work may not be immediately obvious , but the rewards and sense of satisfaction he or she enjoys from reaching out and touching the lives of others is immeasurable .
the overall vehicle theft situation has improved . there were many contributory factors , but high-profile local enforcement measures in conjunction with enhanced cross-border co-operation between Hong Kong and Mainland authorities have played instrumental roles .
the opening of major infrastructure projects associated with the port and airport development led to an increased policing commitment , notably at the West Kowloon Corridor and the bridges and highways linking to Lantau Island .
the moral of the story is that in order to wipe out child labour we need a positive agenda of poverty alleviation as well as an agenda of targeting the evil people who exploit children .
the inter-bank market - where banks bor-row from or lend to each other- is flushed with money at the moment , due to a flood of for-eign funds and the continued fall in interest rates .
the hurdles in registration are restricting the students &apos; options . although other channels leading to top schools have been opened up , the authorities could focus their efforts on more essential issues in education .
the government has started a consultancy study of the provision of additional convention and exhibition facilities , and is about to undertake another on the manpower and training needs of the travel and tourism industry .
the country witnessed its very first &quot; people power &quot; revolution in 1986 which overthrew the late dictator Ferdinand Marcos , and Filipinos regained democracy which they were deprived of for more than a decade .
the ability to learn another &apos;s culture or religion does not guarantee good human behaviour , mutual understanding and peace . it is because of awareness and intolerance of religious differences that wars break out .
the Shing Mun tunnels between sha Tin and Tsuen wan were openedin 1990 and measure 2.6 kilometres . an average of 55 000 vehicles a day paid $ 5 each to use them in 1997 .
the Sept 11 terror attacks on US soil have focused world attention squarely on terrorist activity . the cold-blooded acts have been condemned by all and have led to unprecedented global cooperation to fight terrorism .
the Legislative Council may appoint select committees to enable members to consider matters in depth . select committees report their findings and recommendations to the council after they have completed their consideration of such matters .
the Independent Commission Against Corruption ( ICAC ) is independent of the civil service ; its Commissioner is directly responsible to the Chief Executive . the commission fights corruption through investigation , prevention and education .
the ICAC continues to enhance liaison with other anti-corruption organisations and overseas law enforcement agencies . during the year , the ICAC received 118 visitors from law enforcement agencies and other organisations in various countries .
the DPP &apos;s plan to form a coalition with TSU means that Lee Teng-hui &apos;s indigenisation platform will get a boost . to a certain extent , the &quot; two-states theory &quot; has become reality .
the Chinese Opera Festival was held over three weeks in October and November featuring 18 visiting and 26 local performing groups . seminars , lecture-demonstrations , exhibitions and free outdoor performances augmented the main performances .
the Arab repeated , &quot; If the coffee isn &apos;t ready by the time I eat all this cake , you &apos;ll be divorced from me , divorced from me , divorced from me . &quot;
the 900-metre Tseung Kwan O tunnel , opened in 1990 , links Kowloon and Tseung Kwan O New Town . it was used by 48 000 vehicles daily in1997 . the toll was $ 3 .
some feel that the Chinese language is kept alive by the popularity of Chinese movies and television programmes . &quot; fun &quot; is what matters to young people who couldn &apos;t care less about politics .
sharks have been sighted in Hong Kong waters in recent early summers.For the safety of swimmers , shark prevention nets have been installed at 21 Provisional Regional Council beaches and 11 Provisional Urban Council beaches .
recently , I came across this Chinese word , tongli xin ( 同理心 ) , which was not found in any of my dictionaries . it seemed to be a Taiwanese word which means empathy .
realities of history and institutional habitudes , the &quot; tong &quot; in life , however , are also numerous and acute enough to occasion the query as to how this grand union may come about .
professor Patrick Bateson , an expert on animal behavior at Cambridge University , said : &quot; it &apos;s been known for a long time that animals will work like anything to get these rewards . &quot;
on that very day , she quit teaching reading , writing and speaking . instead , she began to teach children . Jean Thompson paid particular attention to one they all called &quot; Teddy . &quot;
on a few occasions when I was required to speak only in Mandarin or so it seemed , I tried to give order to my sentences and phrases in my head before spewing them out .
of course , I told him what I knew . but I felt a sense of regret - do we have to go all the way to the West to learn about our own history ?
now all anyone can say for sure is that the treasure was last seen and inspected by international archaeologists in 1993 when the safe was opened to dispel rumours that the Afghans had sold it .
neither should it ever happen that once more the avenues to peaceful change are blocked by usurpers who seek to take power away from the people , in pursuit of their own , ignoble purposes .
meter charging in areas of high demand has been extended to include Sundays and public holidays to facilitate a better turnover of parking spaces . the maximum meter charge was $ 2 per 15 minutes .
many long-range lorry operators plan their journeys on the basis of special weather forecasts ; and things such as the degree of refrigeration required for perishable goods during transportation can be determined from temperature forecasts .
many data communication services are available in Hong Kong . by the end of 1997 , there were more than 340000 dedicated facsimile lines . the growth rate in 1997 was 1.0 percent per month .
locking the cross - hairs of their weapon guidance systems on the hotel below , each of the three F-15s let loose a single GBU  15 &quot; smart bomb &quot; . weighing 2,500Ib each .
light travels very fast . it moves at 300,000 kilometres a second . light reaches us from the moon in less than a second and a half . the moon is about 382,000 kilometres away .
let the efforts of us all , prove that he was not a mere dreamer when he spoke of the beauty of genuine brotherhood and peace being more precious than diamonds or silver or gold .
let &apos;s get right down to the nitty-gritty : if you &apos;re single and want to find your other half , you should know that the rules of the dating game have changed for everyone .
keen competition will see a large number of old and ineffective state-owned enterprises eliminated by private and foreign companies . large-scale SOEs which manage to survive will gradually severe their close links with the government .
it would be wise to keep in mind the fundamental aim of any political party ; the ultimate goal should still be to better the running of this country and improve the life of Singaporeans .
it is hard to assess the performance of individual MPs in a GRC . limiting the number of GRCs can thus help avoid a situation where &quot; inferior candidates pass off as competent ones &quot; .
it is an undisputable fact that with the growing demand for and global development of civil aviation , the number of planes that take off and land at any airport every day has risen tremendously .
in view of the new situation , Singapore is reconsidering the practical value of the Chinese language . it has developed new strategies to teaching the language , which are indeed very pragmatic and far-sighted .
in time ( but we may have to wait a long time before this ) it may even be possible to use the energy of light itself in industry to do in their green cells .
in the meantime , Weaver and his colleagues are grateful they got a chance to see their comet perform on its own . &quot; C / linear was terrific natural experiment , &quot; Weaver said .
in terms of mental anguish , we kept hearing negative comments pertaining to Nantah &apos;s special circumstances then . comments like : &quot; Nantah has no future , its degrees will never be recognised . &quot;
in pursuit of raising world-wide awareness of Hong Kong as a cruising hub of Asia , the HKTA attended major cruise trade shows in the USA and Australia - two major markets for cruise visitors .
in conclusion , not only can learning Malay enhance cultural exchanges between the different races in Singapore , but it can also benefit us economically . let &apos;s start learning and mastering Malay as well .
in Primary Four , I won my school &apos;s Chinese story-telling contest . in other years , I usually ended up second or third . my teacher also picked me for a national essay-writing contest .
in April 2000 , the Government introduced measures to streamline the disciplinary procedures and set up an independent Secretariat on Civil Service discipline to handle disciplinary cases in a prompt , impartial and equitable manner .
if we want Singapore to step into the next millennium as a gracious society , to be respected for who we are as much as what we are , we have to change our mentality .
if the WTO entry can help speed up legal reform , there will be reasons to be optimistic about the advent of the rule of law which will , in turn , bring about democracy .
however , English is the tool of communication among Singaporeans . it is also the language of Singapore &apos;s code of law and at courts , and is an international language of trade and commerce .
how do we celebrate it today ? increasingly , more Chinese Singaporeans would hold their reunion dinner in posh restaurants , despite the exorbitant costs . they find it more enjoyable and physically less demanding .
here , in the wake of the many educational changes announced in Singapore recently , he shares one of his favourite themes - the need to teach our students to learn deeply , yet widely .
for fear of a media blackout , the anti-Ling faction within the MCA also launched a ferocious attack on Ling . in alliance with the Chinese community , both raised violent objection to the takeover .
for example , in Singapore , current short-term fixed deposit rates are now about 1 % , compared with 3 % for a 5-year Singapore government bond and 3.6 % for a 5-year HDB bond .
for Filipinos , &quot; people power &quot; has become a weapon to blackmail and attack the government . it has become a threat to democracy and may render the presidential election an exercise in futility .
first and foremost , you must get your spelling , grammar and sentence construction right when writing English . you must express it clearly and precisely . this will help you in your spoken English .
finally , after more than a year &apos;s deliberations by our political leaders , the concept of a Speakers &apos; corner modelled after the prototype in Hyde Park of Britain will soon become a reality .
environmental impact assessment studies have been undertaken for each ACP project as an integral part of project planning and design . suitable mitigation measures such as installation of noise barriers have been adopted where necessary .
don &apos;t rely on the residents &apos; Committee to start you up . if you grudge a greeting , then you won &apos;t be enthusiastic about the RC Day or Mid-Autumn Festival celebrations held downstairs .
construction of the permanent Museum of History at Chatham Road South and the Lei Yue Mun Museum in Chai wan progressed well . the two museums are expected to open for public viewing in 1999 .
by making the point , SM Lee warned the ruling party against complacency bred from its past achievements , and alerted it to the necessity of recruiting the best and brightest people to renew itself .
by 1927 , some six million Chinese immigrants had arrived but not all settled down in Singapore . many used Singapore as a transit centre and relocated themselves subsequently to other places in Southeast Asia .
but mention cultural heritage , such as books and periodicals left behind by parents and some people will avoid them like the plague , as if they fear being &quot; contaminated &quot; by traditional culture .
both stations are required to broadcast programmes produced by the publicly-funded Radio Television Hong Kong ( RTHK ) , which produces about 10 hours of programmes weekly to supplement the commercial TV stations &apos; output .
ask any Chinese national this question : &quot; how long was the War of Resistance Against Japan ? &quot; and you will find that even a child can tell you it lasted eight long years .
apparently , the emigration of Singaporeans has yet to receive widespread attention . this will become a serious problem as the population is turning grey and the birth rate is falling below the replacement level .
an increasing volume of civilian research is gradually making use of the formula of international cooperation and understanding as the necessary prerequisite to peace and prosperity for a wider segment of the world &apos;s committee .
aircraft with wings now take people across the world . powerful engines drive these machines across the sky . some of the engines are like the engines of cars , but they are more powerful .
after hatching from eggs laid in nests along beaches in Florida , baby loggerhead turtles swim out into this current and flow with it for years , nudged along by warm waters rich in food .
after Sept 11 and the events that have since taken place in Singapore , the Government is even more acutely aware of the gap between the different ethnic groups here which needs to be bridged .
a nine-day election campaign is far too short . but if there was a three-month break for the parties to map out their strategies , then such a shorter campaigning period would be more acceptable .
a group of English-educated civil society activists recently launched a Media Watch Community . they intend to be a media &quot; watchdog &quot; and get the media to focus more on &quot; non-mainstream opinions &quot; .
Singapore is a country with highly transparent rules and regulations and will make a truly livable and cosy home , said a Chinese living in the US but who has worked for some years here .
Qi Yue , Yi jiu jiu Qi nian - &quot; Juliana is not Chinese ! &quot; screams my colleague through the office e-mail . she scheduled our book launch during Qi Yue ( July ) .
Paul smiled a little . he thought he knew what the lad wanted . he wanted to show his neighbors that he could ride home in a big automobile . but Paul was wrong again .
Paul got out and lifted the lad to the front seat of his car . the shining  eyed older brother climbed in beside him and the three of them began a memorable holiday ride .
PSA has emphasised that its business cooperation with its customers is based on a &quot; win-win &quot; formula . and it has managed to get Hanjin to renew its contract precisely because of this policy .
I personally feel that a National Education programme for students to visit places of worship should be made compulsory to open up young minds and promote inter-religious understanding . this is even more crucial now .
I decided to keep the bird until spring . I named him squeak because of his constant squeaky chirping . he certainly seemed content that first day , and he &apos;d already captured my heart .
I also find it inconceivable that many friends and relatives have been urging me to get more exposure on English-language TV channels . they feel that Chinese-language channels and newspapers are of a lower standard .
I &apos;m not in my own country , so their laws don &apos;t really apply to me . besides , I &apos;m a tourist . I bring them revenue . they should welcome me instead .
Hong Kong &apos;s objectives for air quality are comparable with the air quality standards adopted in developed countries . the Environmental Protection Department ( EPD ) will complete a review of these objectives in 1998 .
East Asia needs visionary leaders of the calibre and stature of those in postwar Europe who could simultaneously bury the past and inspire the peoples of the region with a new vision of its future .
December was also warmer than normal with a mean temperature of 18.9 degrees , the seventh-highest for the month . however , the total bright sunshine duration of 100.4 hours was the fourth-lowest for December .
1.Technical and technological skills will take on greater importance . there will be a growing need for people who can understand and fix systems -- from computer systems to product distribution systems to plumbing systems .
( the writer is Head , Central Banking Policies Research Unit and ASEAN Economies Monitoring Unit at the NTU . he is also a member of the Resource Panel , Chinese newspapers , SPH . )
&quot; one crime leads to another , ya effend , &quot; the Kadi said . &quot; if you hadn &apos;t got drunk , you wouldn &apos;t have made the biggest mistake of your life . &quot;
with Singapore turning 34 , we do find people much richer nowadays , in terms of material possessions , than they used to be in the pre-independence years . spiritually , however , they are impoverished .
when parents do not even insist on maintaining this tradition and are happy to get rid of Chinese names for their children for whatever reasons , what will we have left in a fast-changing consumer society ?
when I was still a little kid and the time for NDP rolled around , the feeling surrounding those days was always one of excitement and camaraderie with fellow Singaporeans and this place we call home .
weather observers and automatic weather stations at about 40 locations in Hong Kong provide comprehensive and real-time coverage of regional weather variations , while observations from Voluntary observing ships provide valuable information on weather at sea .
we do a double take to overcome the problem . we invite potential recipients to indicate their interest . when they ask , the taboo is lifted and we are no longer &quot; song zhonging &quot; .
we cannot be an extension of China , India , the West , or the Malay archipelago.Our heritage must be congealed into a distinct Singapore identity with such core values as meritocracy , tolerance and consensus-building .
we are honored to participate in discussions for development of a family car for China . we respect the wisdom expressed in much planning and thought before launching such an important project as the family car .
to promote bilingualism in public places , annotations of Chinese art exhibitions should be in both Chinese and English . we should not be too self-centred and insist that such exhibitions be annotated only in Chinese .
to ensure this does not handicap the company &apos;s business aspirations , Shell ensures that it has a good complement of competent local staff for many of the senior positions within the management / project team .
this topic should not be taken light-heartedly . the government , scholars and every Singaporean should treat this issue seriously . a nation &apos;s characteristics determine a country &apos;s future , and should not be overlooked .
this recent National Day at the turn of the century has been significant . while reviewing its past , Singapore is also looking forward to the next millennium , an entirely new phase of its statehood .
this is further illustrated by a recent example . while the German government has decided to compensate survivors of the Nazi slave-labour system and assume other responsibilities , Japan has chosen to whitewash its infamous past .
third , some of East Asia &apos;s political leaders have given Asian Values a bad name by seeking to justify their abuses of power and the inequities of their societies in the name of Asian values .
these transformations constitute true chemical reactions which act upon the innermost structure of the atom , the nucleus . they can be represented by simple formulae as Monsieur Joliot will be telling you in a moment .
there is a reservation : his &quot; cultural China &quot; has a core in Confucianism . our &quot; he &quot; is larger than that . so , there is one China and there are many Chinas .
their leaders of the older generation , and the education they receive , have always told them that blood is thicker than water and so the nation must be united or otherwise they will be bullied .
the writer is a Singapore student studying in the United States . based on his personal experience at the Princeton University , he came out with some thought-provoking ideas about the teaching of the second language .
the strategies employed by the PAP were executed superbly . the small number of opposition candidates and constituencies contested was also a key reason why the PAP was able to display its political skills with finesse .
the question , &quot; Are you Chinese ? &quot; however , asked of a NewYork Chinatown Chinese , a Vancouver Chinese or a Honolulu Chinese will get you the same answer , &quot; Of course ! &quot;
the purpose of this commentary is not to offer up a solution to this problem , but to stimulate public discussion on a topic that is close to the hearts of a large number of Singaporeans .
the older generation is also more fearful of changes . would they have a place in the new millennium ? would they fit into the new scheme of things ? would their age-old traditions fizzle out ?
the murky water of the Nantah Lake makes me wildly hope to see a barge floating down , as in Tennyson &apos;s morte d &apos;Arthur , carrying three black-draped queens coming to carry off King Arthur .
the latest figure released by Shanghai Telecommunications Administration shows that China &apos;s Internet subscribers had totalled 8.9 million by the end of 1999 , a 345 percent growth over the 2 million just 12 months before .
the higher the interest rate , the more a call is worth . arise in the interest rate makes the present value of the price you pay for the share , the exercise price , lower .
the greater the challenge , the more difficult it is to find people who can handle it with confidence . similarly , the higher the expectations , the bigger the letdown when they are not met .
the department manages 3 961 quarters , of which 3 681 are for other ranks uniformed officers . work completed during the year included 110new quarters at Fung Shing Street and 27 at Muk Lun Street .
the cost of such a system becomes more pronounced with each passing year . bad companies are rarely allowed to fail because bankruptcies are seen as a black mark on the personal files of local bureaucrats .
the clan family-tree would commence with the primogenitor who settled in a particular location and raised his family there . it would rest with the latest generation updating it , with all in-between ancestors duly enumerated .
the changes and adjustments have been gradual , but the direction has been sure and certain . the transition took place in line with the changing social , economic and political conditions in Singapore and internationally .
the Western perception of China changed drastically in the 19th century . they began to see its weaknesses and the less edifying aspects of its civilisation , after they had entrenched themselves there through military coercion .
the Independent Police Complaints Council ( IPCC ) &apos; s main function is to monitor and review investigations by the Complaints Against Police Office ( CAPO ) of public complaints about the Hong Kong Police Force .
the Identification Bureau continued to play an important role in crime detection and investigation , providing an efficient service to all units in the Force and other law enforcement departments in fingerprint technology and forensic photography .
the Forests and countryside ordinance provides for the general protection of vegetation , and gives special protection to certain plants , including native camellias , magnolias , orchids , azaleas and the Chinese New Year flower .
the Fight Crime Committee , chaired by the Chief Secretary for Administration , provides valuable advice and puts forward recommendations on areas of public concern and on measures to improve the maintenance of law and order .
the Director of Agriculture and Fisheries is the Country and Marine Parks Authority responsible for the conservation of the terrestrial and marine ecological resources , as well as for the enforcement of legislation on conservation issues .
the Criminal records Bureau is the sole repository for all criminal records in Hong Kong . it houses complete records of all persons convicted of crime in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region ( HKSAR ) .
the Chief Executive , Mr Tung Chee Hwa , made his first official visit to the United States in September to outline Hong Kong &apos;s smooth transition and to enhance Hong Kong-US economic and trade relations .
starting with Enron , the largest US energy-trading company , the contagion spread quickly to other heavy-weight enterprises like Global crossing , Tyco , QWest , WorldCom , Xerox , Merck , Bristol-Myers and Arthur Anderson .
speaking recently in a parliamentary debate , Senior Minister Lee Kuan Yew remarked that he would not shed any tears if the People &apos;s Action Party were outsted by a leaner , keener and shrewder team .
some find Chinese names old-fashioned and outdated . in fact , to someone who is IT-savvy and recognises only English letters and numbers on a computer , not having a Chinese name is no big deal .
so I believe that , after suffering from foreign oppression for centuries , even having to concede part of their territory to foreign powers , the Chinese have a longing thirst for reunification of their country .
secondly , thrift is a habit of outstanding artists . a master painter will not draw more lines or use more colours than necessary . a great poet will also not use a single redundant word .
salt was an important item on the table of royally . it was tradiftionally placed in front of the king when he sat down to eat . important guests were given seats farther away from it .
private tuition thrives here because parents know that academic achievements will give their offsprings a head start in life . no sacrifices are too great if they can get them into a university locally or abroad .
perhaps all of us have tentative notions about the future . some of us fear , some of us rejoice . only a few of us will probably see correctly and understand how to get there .
only with social stability can we develop economy , education and cultural affairs so that people can live a happy life . foreigners may not fully understand the difficulties we have to face in this respect .
one week you &apos;re writing up memos , the next you &apos;re packing up your desk . what clues might tell you you &apos;re on the firing line ? check out these situations for pink-slip potential :
on the other hand , the arrival of immigrants in large numbers also creates enormous stress for the local society . we are aliens in the eyes of some Singaporeans - a feeling that is understandable .
not too long ago , the prevailing view was that the Net was about looking up information , or that it was a medium for interpersonal communication , a replacement for the telephone or post office .
not only is the command of Chinese among young people from English-speaking environment deplorable , but those from Chinese-speaking homes also have difficulties expressing themselves adequately . the worry of the Chinese community is not unfounded .
no wonder , Leadership bestows power , cammands respect and , most important , fosters achievement . unlike vitamins , though , leadership skills can &apos;t be easily gulped down . they must be carefully cultivated .
narcotics enforcement resulted in 12 heroin manufacturing and cutting centres being neutralised . a total of 74.6 kilograms of methyl amphetamine or &apos; ice &apos; was seized in 1997 , compared with 46.8 kilograms in 1996 .
moreover , it would surely defeat the quintessence of education which is to open up one &apos;s mind to develop potential and creativity , and not merely to slog relentlessly for better grades at all costs .
marriages in Hong Kong are governed by the marriage ordinance and the marriage Reform ordinance . normally , at least 15 days &apos; notice of an intended marriage must be given to the registrar of marriages .
look at all the things around us : chairs , desks , papers and pens . these and the human body are examples of matter . matter is anything that takes up space and has weight .
little did we know at that time that the terrorists were also planning operations in Singapore . fortunately the Singapore police were ahead of the terrorists and were able to stop their plans for truck bombs .
let the strivings of us all , prove Martin Luther King Jr. to have been correct , when he said that humanity can no longer be tragically bound to the starless midnight of racism and war .
it is hard to judge the merits and drawbacks of Hong Kong &apos;s practice . one thing is praiseworthy about it , though － nobody in Hong Kong worries about being punished for what he says .
it has been 14 years since my family moved out of our old flat , but I still cherish a vivid and sweet memory of life in the long common corridor high on the 15th floor .
is Next - a magazine that changes the nature of the media industry by trading credibility for a higher readership - a good example ? of course , views differ due to different stands and interests .
investors can buy and sell on a daily basis . the cost of transaction is usually the differ-ence between the purchase price and sale price of the bond , and may vary from bank to bank .
in the face of increasing oppression , the bulk of the community remained loyal to the allied cause . Chinese guerrillas operated in the New Territories and escaping allied personnel were assisted by the rural population .
in short , while the pro-independence parties were victorious in the elections , what they want is really &quot; status quo &quot; or &quot; de facto independence &quot; , not an all-out pursuit for national sovereignty .
in May , the Financial Secretary visited Tokyo where he met senior cabinet ministers , political leaders and leading Japanese businessmen and bankers , and signed the Japan / Hong Kong Investment Promotion and Protection Agreements .
in 2001 , the HKSAR played host to a number of prominent events , including the Fortune Global Forum , East Asia Economic Summit 2001 and the 14th General Meeting of the Pacific Economic Cooperation Council .
if people want to solve the problem of waste , there is no time to be lost . they must work out ways of making use of good things which are just thrown away as waste .
however , they have , undeniably , a vested interest which makes them less critical of the current system - most young people are after a job that pays well and a chance to study overseas .
however , if the share price falls below the exercise price , you do nothing . the maximum amount you can lose is the call price , regardless of how much the share price has fallen .
hot weather heats the rod ; So in summer , the clock will go more slowly . it will lost time . in very cold winter the pendulum will contract and the clock will go faster .
following the promulgation of the Force Vision and Statement of Common Purposes and Values , a set of strategic directions has been formulated to govern the Force &apos;s management and operations over the next five years .
focusing on the pressure and unfair treatment faced by three EM3 pupils , Jack NEO &apos;s latest movie &quot; I Not stupid &quot; , puts many negative social consequences of our education system under the spotlight .
finally , I might add that I believe that the Chinese elite can only be successful and continue to develop when they are nurtured in the above-mentioned way and in the context of our modern Singapore .
education should be different from business management . if our principals can free their minds to pursue their ideals on a reasonable assumption , we can expect to see more of their cherished dreams come true .
during the year , the department started publishing a newsletter for members of the public . it contains information about the ICAC . it also organised district events and meet-the-public sessions , and produced radio programmes .
during the year , planning also started for the construction of a purpose-built state-of-the-art tactical weapon training complex in Man Kam To . the project will commence in November 1999 and be completed in October 2002 .
check the &quot; small print &quot; - established locations require fund companies to issue a detailed prospectus of the offer being made . if what you receive is too short or not detailed , be careful .
but why this urgency at the end of the 20th century ? why not , when one realises that China has spent the entire 20th century groping for a satisfactory form to her modern political aspirations .
but this does not hide the fact that in a pragmatic society that prides the importance of English , the chinese-educated are at a disadvantage socially , especially when seen through the eyes of the English-educated .
besides having a strong , clean and efficient administration , Singapore has been able to pursue such pragmatic policies because it enjoys a stable and harmonious tripartite relationship among employers , workers , and the government .
because of their courage and persistence for many years , we can , today , even set the dates when all humanity will join together to celebrate one of the outstanding human victories of our century .
at long last I am able to say a few words of my own . I have never wanted to withhold anything , but until now it has not been constitutionally possible for me to speak .
at home , those who lead public opinion have described ethnic Chinese sentiments and culture as a hangover from history . these are seen as detrimental to the building of a national identity and to multiracialism .
as a multiracial society , Singapore can do well , too . given time , the harmonious interaction between Chinese , Malay , and Indian heritages will make the island a cultural hub with a difference .
and now , we all have a new King . I wish him and you , his people , happiness and prosperity with all my heart . God bless you all ! God save the King !
and history tells us that there have been rulers who , at critical times , deliberately created a &quot; ghostly &quot; atmosphere , to control the minds of the people and consolidate their gains and power .
also , interest rates have fallen significantly over the last few months , a phenomenon that would stimulate economic growth as lower borrowing costs and savings rates will en-courage businesses to invest and households to consume .
act the part . good leaders have learned to sound and look like winners.They may sometimes doubt themselves , but they don &apos;t show it . they act as if they know where they &apos;re going .
Singapore is an important hub in Asia and a multiracial country . how it can attract Asian talent in science and technology to do research and to live in Singapore is a very important question indeed .
Non-franchised bus operators also serve the needs of factory employees , tourists and students on a group-hire basis . at the end of the year , the licensed fleet of non-franchised buses totalled 6 053 vehicles .
Joseph A Schumpeter , a prominent economist of the 20thcentury , put forward the theory of innovation , which maintains that , for a country , the main impetus for growth comes from entrepreneurship and innovation .
I had been told of an incident in which a foreign student at Fudan was not allowed to eat at the student canteen - foreign students have to go to a different canteen meant for them .
Hong Kong has more than 780 practising barristers , whose governing body is the Hong Kong Bar Association . their conduct and etiquette are governed by the Code of Conduct for the Bar of the HKSAR .
Eyah.com certainly knows its selling points . Huang said his company has already found a Chinese government agency as its partner . it is opening an office in Beijing for a foray into the China market .
4.Evaluate the frequency and duration of your sneezes . short bursts of sneezing suggest infection . powerful , daily sneezing episodes are typical of allergies.Multiple , early-morning sneezes may mean you &apos;re allergic to dust mites .
2 ) content of the Lianhe Zaobao differs from that of the English dailies . so , why do we stop at just the Chinese medium ? how about an English version of the Lianhe Zaobao ?
( the writer is Professor of Business Policy ; Dean , faculty of Business Administration ; Director , Graduate School of Business National University of Singapore &amp; a resource panellist of SPH &apos;s Chinese newspapers . )
( the writer is Professor of Business Policy ; Dean , faculty of Business Administration ; Director , Graduate School of Business National University of Singapore &amp; a resource panellist of SPH &apos;s Chinese newspapers . )
( the writer is Associate Director , portfolio Management of Morgan Grenfell ( Asia ) Limited . this column has the support of the Investment Management Association of Singa-pore and the Stock Exchange of Sin-gapore . )
&quot; what ? an SIA plane has crashed in Chiang Kai-shek International Airport in Taoyuan ? &quot; exclaimed one of them . this was echoed by the rest and their words began ringing in my ears .
&quot; the thought came to me that there should be some kind of organization of people with incurable diseases . these people could help each other , and I am going to work on this . &quot;
&quot; no freedom of speech &quot; as a label on Singapore is an anachronism in this era of Internet . to clear the city-state of that negative image , a strong message from the governmentis necessary .
&quot; fine , fine , &quot; I said . &quot; Jeremy and Sean are helping with the laundry . they &apos;ve been such good boys this week I decided to take them out to dinner . &quot;
&quot; I started laughing because there were so many numbers , &quot; store owner Derek Zavislake said . &quot; it &apos;s going to take us a few months to pay it off , &quot; he joked .
when my father says loudly in NTUC Fairprice &apos;s cereal section , &quot; Shall we buy ‘ concrete &apos; for breakfast tomorrow ? &quot; my siblings and I always laugh and say &quot; It &apos;s corn . &quot;
we speak here of the challenge of the dichotomies of war and peace , violence and non-violence , racism and human dignity , oppression and repression and liberty and human rights , poverty and freedom from want .
we need to decide our priorities . and we must adapt our United Nations , so that in future those priorities are reflected in Clear and prompt decisions , leading to real change in people &apos;s lives .
we launched another book the following Qi Yue . this time , the geomancer advised in all his wisdom that &quot; If you have never consulted the almanac , it is best not to start now . &quot;
we know a great many facts about the moon now . scientists have studied the moon through telescopes for many years and have discovered many facts . recently rockets with men inside them have reached the moon .
training for male and female officers is now fully integrated with women recruits being trained in the use of firearms . training related to juveniles , previously restricted to women recruits , is applied to all now .
to take this further , the phenomenon is probably intertwined with the eagerness of some artists for quick success and instant benefits , the demands of the audience , and the guiding principles of the Arts Festival .
to curb the rise of crime rates , all criminal acts , whether serious or minor , must be punished . runaway crime rates can threaten social stability and create a sense of insecurity among the people .
think what you will , but I have simply pointed out the ugly Singaporean , and prescribed a simple answer to our next moral challenge . having challenged the status quo , I challenge you to change .
they work in top jobs , wear designer clothes and take long-haul holidays . the growing band of SINDIs -- Single Income newly divorced women -- have money to spend and only themselves to spend it on .
there were 12 units spread along the corridor on our floor . we kids were guests to almost every one of these neighbouring homes . we knew them better than we did some relatives living far way .
their main motives were to mislead their company &apos;s shareholders and the investing public by dishonestly inflating its equity value in order to protect their own share holdings in the company stocks in a falling stock market .
the writer outlines the most effective ways Singapore can attract international talent to help develop its science and technology . he believes that with more conducive environment , Singapore can take the lead among the Asian nations .
the manager &apos;s observations have not been off the mark . very few Singaporeans have enough cash savings . if they lost their jobs , they would find themselves in a tight spot within a few months .
the first I began to see that some kind of crisis might be began to notice how similar the balance of payments developments were in South-East Asia to those in Latin America a couple of years before .
the data could include sensitive company documents containing valuable information . or they could be e-mail identities and passwords that could be used by hackers to log into corporate network &apos;s as if they were legitimate users .
the bottom-up or stock picking approach believes in finding stocks that are undervalued which can provide superior returns irrespective of the market and industry factors . the company effect is the dominant factor in determining stock return .
the association publishes the membership directory for the Hong Kong Association of registered Tour Co-ordinators , which was established to maintain high professional standards among tour co-ordinators . the directory helps tourism personnel to select qualified guides .
the United Kingdom Outer Space Act 1986 ( Hong Kong ) Order 1990 was localised to become the Outer Space ordinance . it provides the licensing framework for launching satellites and operating space objects in outer space .
the North Lantau expressway is a 12.5-kilometre highway along the northern coast of Lantau , joining the Lantau link to Tung Chung new town and the new airport . it also opened to traffic on May 22 .
the Hong Kong fringe Festival has developed since 1982 from an annual open arts festival into a successful year-round operation which gives Hong Kong &apos;s emerging artists the opportunity to hone their skills and create new works .
the Government records Service manages government records and provides a full range of records and archival management services through its two offices : records Management Office ( RMO ) and the Public records Office ( pro ) .
the Fire Protection Command also sets fire services requirements fornew buildings to ensure proper protection for the public . some 9 564submissions of building plans , including plans for new airport-relatedprojects , were processed during the year .
the BS is the statement that presents the company &apos;s financial position at the year-end . the company &apos;s performance and changes in financial positions for the year are respectively presented by the IS and the SCFP .
take reading . while I had instruction in teaching readings , I really didn &apos;t know how to teach a child to read in practice . I had to learn my own techniques as my students learned .
take , for instance , public expectations of the media . some Singaporean elites often complain that , compared to the Western media , the local media is rather &quot; tame &quot; when reporting on political issues .
swimming is Hong Kong &apos;s most popular summer pastime . in 1997 , some 12.3 million people visited the beaches and another 6.5 million swam at the 32 public swimming pools managed by the two municipal councils .
some among the Chinese-educated are worried that hanyu pinyin would lower if not erase appreciation of the beauty of the language . there is even fear of an unstated intention to replace Chinese characters totally , eventually .
so-called &quot; moderate Muslims &quot; who deny other Muslims the right to practise certain essentials of their religion are extremists in their own right since they do not practise democracy even as they claim to embrace modernity .
sixth , our governments face the choice between building a stakeholder society in which there is a large measure of social equity and social cohesion and a society with a huge chasm between the haves and have-nots .
six years went by before she got another note from Teddy . he then wrote that he had finished high school , third in his class , and she was still his favorite teacher of all time .
since the October 1997 death of his legendary predecessor , Roberto Goizueta , Ivester has proved himself an aggressive leader who continues to push Coca-Cola further ahead of Pepsi through strategic acquisitions and new － product development .
service is a pledge . and it is about people , not machines or some rules and regulations . we make the rules and we should make them work for us , not the other way round .
scientists used brain implants and tiny radio &quot; backpacks &quot; to guide five rats through a complex maze , composed of ladders , steps , hoops and ramps , from a distance of more than 500 yards .
scientists have always wanted to know more about space . they use telescopes to obtain information . but this is not enough . so they want to send men to some of the other worlds in space .
red minibuses operate without specified schedules . they are not required to operate on fixed routes or timetables and are free to set fares . in 1997 , 2 243 red minibuses carried 805 489 passengers daily .
recreation , sport and cultural activities enhance the quality of life in Hong Kong . the government aims to create an environment in which diversity , freedom of expression , artistic creativity and sporting excellence can thrive .
nowadays , as more and more young Chinese are speaking Mandarin , it makes more sense to communicate totally in Mandarin in many situations . this would help them to learn and improve on their language skills .
now your role extends beyond the bounds of the Cold War world . the Gulf War was a vivid reminder that evil will always be with us and that dictators will riot suddenly become an extinct species .
no doubt , our schools have trained professionals in various fields , but it takes a closer look to see whether our students -- or even their teachers -- have enough scope for developing their individual personalities .
my week of single parenthood had begun . as Martin sheen says in &quot; Apocalypse Now &quot; ( an apt description of the ensuring week ) : &quot; I never want another mission like this again . &quot;
my parents and even I myself became worried about my poor command of the English language . still , as far as the Chinese language is concerned , I &apos;ve always taken pride in my excellent results .
most things which are heated expand . if we heat the rod of a pendulum , it expands ; So the bob moves down to a lower place . then the clock goes more slowly than before .
meanwhile , Chinese clan associations here have begun to conduct Malay classes for Chinese Singaporeans who wish to learn the language . Malay associations have also organised courses for Malays who are keen to pick up Mandarin .
me ( weary ) : &quot; to the theatre . I told you three weeks ago . and then again two weeks ago . and I repeated it yesterday . each time louder than the last . &quot;
major social welfare advances have been made by the government and non-governmental organisations in the past decade , with expenditure increasing from $ 2.82 billion in 1987 / 88 to $ 19.04 billion during 1997 / 98 .
machines are after all machines . they do not have a sense of commitment to provide excellent customer service . this spirit of service is something we should not lose in the process of adopting more technology .
it is sad that although the prescription of this &quot; disease &quot; is to bask in the sunshine of positive interaction with other ethnic groups , some Malays chose to stay indoors and self-indulge in their Malay-ness .
it is meant for foreigners as well as for Singaporeans . to many foreigners , Singapore is a country of control － if people are not free to enjoy chewing-gum , what else can they do freely ?
it is a different story for English . there is no English B course for those weak in the subject . students have no choice but to mug up on it if they want to progress further .
in the event that we are unable to get what we want , we will take it out on the government and question its efficiency . are we being fair to the government ? I think not .
in spite of a series of measures to encourage Singaporeans to go forth and multiply , there are still no signs of a rebound in the fertility rate . in my view , this is hardly surprising .
in addition to open enrolment courses for the general public , HKOBS operates special programmes for the handicapped , socially-deprived people and juvenile delinquents as well as employees of major corporations , various organisations and the government .
in 1997 , the KCRC continued efforts to improve facilities by upgrading signal systems , renovating the Kowloon Station at hung Hom , redeveloping workshops and depots and building noise barriers at selected locations along the railway .
in 1997 , 121501 wanted persons were intercepted at immigration control points and other offices . they were suspected to be in connection with trafficking of dangerous drugs and other criminal offences such as murder and robbery .
how could this be possible ? just a false alarm probably , I told myself . still , I could not help but called the office , only to have the tragic news confirmed by my superior .
green minibuses provide services according to specified schedules of service which define the routes , fares , vehicle allocation and timetables.There were 2 107 of these operating 287 routes and carrying 970 115passengers a day in 1997 .
flight trials at the first ( or southern ) runway began on schedule in February 1997 . trials were then conducted on electronic and visual systems throughout the year . works for landside infrastructure made good progress .
fifth , we face the choice of protecting our conglomerates or allowing market forces to force them either to restructure in order to concentrate on their core competencies or to allow the uncompetitive ones to die ; and
eyeing him walk away , we stood stunned with mixed feelings -- amazed that the lost wallet was back in less than an hour , and overjoyed that we had been repeatedly blessed with such kind-hearted people .
even the increasing trend of non-Muslim food stall owners putting up the &quot; No pork , no lard &quot; notices to entice Muslim patrons shows they do not quite know the requirements of &quot; Halal &quot; food .
efforts to preserve Chinese cultural traditions must include Chinese names . the Chinese saying that &quot; One never hides one &apos;s name no matter what &quot; shows the pride one takes in one &apos;s name and origin .
culture will never remain static . as society and times change , so will cultural development . changes in domestic and regional environments and a faster pace of living will continue to shape our mindset and thinking .
children , especially my child , had been my inspiration to speak up at the public forum in May last year . it meant a lot to me that you ended this episode on the same note .
but today the answer will be different . your new acquaintance will probably tell you he is , say , a creative artist . it is unlikely that he tells you he belongs to a certain company .
but the factors cited above have caused the young today to lose momentum in the exploration of ideas such as freedom and democracy . in the 80s , young people were engrossed in serious thinking on constructive issues
beneath the veneer of modernity in this world-class metropolis lurks the Hua ren manager who remains traditional in heart and soul , still needing the security blanket of Chinese folk practices to ensure his success and prosperity .
at present , the SAR government should make sure that it pursues an educational policy different from that of the colonial government , and that it has vision and insight in the long-term interests of Hong Kong .
as a young nation , Singapore holds a recipe for sustained youth and vigour : the spirit of innovation with a persistent quest for development . to my mind , Singapore is refreshing herself all the time .
as a student who has been through twelve years of Chinese language study in Singapore , and two years of studying German at Princeton University , I have some thoughts on the teaching of Chinese in Singapore .
artifacts were often found within hollows in the rocky bottom , which was covered with as much as two feet of sand . all told , an area about the size of a tennis court was excavated .
aid officials say child soldiering is a product of a society which places clan loyalty above anything eise . &quot; this case reflects the reality of Afghanistan &apos;s problems , &quot; said Red Cross official Eloi Fillion .
after all , would a Speakers &apos; corner modelled after the prototype in Hyde Park in Britain fit into the climate of our city-state , given its pluralism in race , religion , language , and culture ?
added to this , the thriving Chinese communities in many American urban centres and their reputation as a model minority have aroused further their interests in this distant land , which is so vastly different from theirs .
a worldly African traveller commented gleefully : the amounts involved in our graft cases certainly pale compared with the mind-boggling sums involved in the most powerful economy on earth . we now have one back on them !
a special collection of reports in the journal Science reveals for the first thne that C / linear -- formally known as comet C / 1999 S4 ( linear ) -- led an unusual life as well .
Stewart Aldcrof ( This column has the support of Investment Management of Singapore and the Stock Exchange of Singapore . the writer is marketing and sales Director , Templeton Franklin Investment Services ( Asia ) Limited . )
Singapore &apos;s bilingual education has nurtured many who have a good command of both the Chinese and English language , so it baffless me why there are younger Chinese who know so little about the Chinese people .
Mrs. Thompson had watched Teddy the year before and noticed he didn &apos;t play well with the other children , that his clothes were unkempt and that he constantly needed a bath . and Teddy was unpleasant .
I would like here to recall the extraordinary development of radioactivity , this new science which had its origin , less then forty years ago in the work of Henri Becquerel and of Pierre and Marie Curie .
I felt relaxed on the scene of the army exercises , happily oblivious to the heavily guarded military facilities around . along with us , there were some elderly veterans invited by the commander to the event .
Cheenahs take their revenge by calling the English educated kantangs - a Hokkien term which means &quot; potatoes &quot; . with all relevance , it describes people who grew up eating them , just like the Caucasians .
2.Visionary skills will be in demand . the ability to gather and absorb a wide range of input , then use that knowledge , understanding , and perspective to guide organization into future , will be vital .
( the writer is the Chief Executive Officer of OUB Asset Management Ltd . this fortnightly series on unit trust investing is supported by The Investment Management Association of Singapore and the Stock Exchange of Singapore . )
( the writer is Professor of Business Policy ; Dean , faculty of Business Administration ; Director , Graduate School of Business , National University of Singapore &amp; a resource panellist of SPH &apos;s Chinese newspapers . )
&quot; look , if you don &apos;t mind , &quot; I said crossly when Windy caught up with me , &quot; I &apos;d rather be alone today . &quot; she seemed unusually pale and out of breath .
&quot; it wasn &apos;t easy for us , &quot; my mother recalls . &quot; nurses at clinics and hospitals would always attend to those who spoke English first . the rest of us could only wait . &quot;
you might want to laugh at him . he calls himself alien . it took me a while to get used to his name and those of his classmates in Southwest University of Finance and Economics in Chengdu .
yet something dawned on me when I witnessed the Swiss servicemen mingling so amiably with the civilians and answering our questions so sincerely － that secrecy may backfire , gradually undermining the mutual faith and trust among people .
why did Singaporeans fail to do better in this famous show , despite that our literacy rate and education standards are respectable and compare quite well with the established countries ? there are no simple answers to it .
when something unfortunate strikes , as individuals , are we able to face and accept the fact ? as a society , are we able to stay united , help each other out and work hand in hand ?
well-known American public relations expert Glen Whitaker has observed that Americans are fond of thrilling fights and love to be entertained . they hope to see politicians in exciting wrangles and to get some fun out of politics .
viewed from both the historical and current standpoints , racism is demonstrably still one of the greatest dangers facing mankind today , and will continue to exercise the minds of rational-thinking people for a long time to come .
veteran French designer Yves Saint Laurent ( C ) is surrounded by models as he acknowledges applause at the end of his retrospective haute couture fashion show at the Pompidou Centre in Paris , January 22 , 2002 .
use the shoes to coordinate your clothing color scheme . black clothes are best . gray , navy and beige are also good . choose fabrics that don &apos;t wrinkle , such as raw silk and knit Jersey .
unfortunately , an imaginary scene or two have dominated the picture of Singapore in foreigners &apos; minds . for instance , they have come to associate Singapore with the ban on chewing-gum , which they see as ridiculous .
to improve school bus safety , new measures were introduced in 1997.These included a more eye-catching colour scheme for newly registered school buses and the provision of an escort on large school buses carrying primary and kindergarten pupils .
this extended cooperation must be intended not to limit hut to enhance mobility of ideas and freedom of the scientists within the system . one has to encourage science , not to try to harness it with bureaucracy .
they should be keenly aware that this little dot on the world map can never be a carbon copy of a Western society , given its different history , diverse cultural heritages , value systems and national goals .
they are impressed by our palpable affluence and heap accolades upon us for having an incorruptible and highly efficient government , a safe and green environment and a harmonious multiracial society that is worthy of emulation by others .
these resources coupled with the size of the country and the total freedom of interaction and mobility of scientists , has brought American science to preeminence in many fields of science during the third quarter of this century .
then , is the Eastern ethics entirely incompatible with today &apos;s high-tech society ? the answer is &quot; No &quot; , because many factors besides individuals &apos; intelligence are necessary for advancements or breakthroughs in science and technology .
the registrar of marriages is also responsible for issuing certificates of absence of marriage records to local residents . during the year , 37221 such certificates were issued , up 28 percent from the 28994 issued in 1996 .
the palpable fervour to discover one &apos;s roots has been felt keenly in immigrant societies like the United States , Canada , Australia and Singapore . many travel to their ancestral homelands to renew ties with their kin .
the government also continued to reinforce Hong Kong &apos;s long-standing role as a media hub for Asia . in 1997 , a further eight new newspapers and 111 new periodicals joined the ranks of its flourishing free press .
the development and the prosperity of Bangka is the result of the Indonesian natives working side by side with the hardworking Chinese Indonesians who had shed blood and tearsover four or five generations on their beloved adopted country .
the daughter-in-law , even though of mixed parentage , does know the difference between Qingming and Christmas . but that family knew only the primacy of its own ancestors , and insisted on their grave visitation on Christmas .
the Roman Catholic Church has been present since Hong Kong &apos;s earliest days . the church was established as a mission prefecture in 1841 and as an apostolic vicariate in 1874 . it became a diocese in 1946 .
the Law Society is the governing body for solicitors and foreign lawyers and foreign law firms in the HKSAR . it has wide responsibilities for maintaining professional and ethical standards and for considering complaints against these legal professionals .
the Country Parks ordinance provides for the designation , control and management of the valuable countryside as country parks and special areas , and enables them to be developed for outdoor recreational , education and nature conservation purposes .
the Antiquities Advisory Board has 17 appointed members . they include anthropologists , archaeologists , architects , curators , historians and planners . it advises the government on sites and structures which merit protection through declaration as monuments .
the Aberdeen tunnel , opened in 1982 , links the north and south sides of Hong Kong Island . it measures 1.9 kilometres and was used by 60 000vehicles daily in 1997 . the toll was $ 5 .
thank you once again Mr. Mah and all the officers in MND . and to all the countless individuals who had helped Chek Jawa in one way or another -- thank you from the bottom of my heart .
some , however , may be too shy or too lazy to show a bit of smile when meeting people . to them , familiar faces seem to be mere living props in the drama of HDB life .
so in place of artificial , temporary measures such as economic sanctions and imposed political reformation , the UN should instead busy itself in building institutions that are respectful of the world &apos;s many social and cultural differences .
pets are as basic to American culture as hot dogs or apple pie . to Americans , pets are not just property , but a part of the family . after all , pets are people , too .
people asked why the Japanese giant was willing to compensate the US consumers , but not the Chinese ? in reply , Toshiba explained that consumers in China were protected under laws different from those in the US .
parents should not drown their children in mantras of I-want-hundred-marks . tuition lessons are not the be-all and end-all of life . and a score of 70 for a Chinese paper is definitely not the end of life .
or are they just shy of expressing their love of their country ? or maybe they wee feeling solemn — for National Day is a respectable and serious occasion , unlike , say , New Year &apos;s Eve .
of course Paul knew what he was going to wish for . he was going to wish he had a brother like that . but what the lad said jarred Paul all the way down to his heels .
no doubt , Taiwan today enjoys freedom of speech , but disorder of a certain extent is still plaguing the society because populism is weakening law and the government &apos;s authority . the democracy of Taiwan is flawed .
never in American corporate history has so few employees inflicted so much irreparable damage to the nation &apos;s economy and its international image . their actions have wiped off billions of dollars in their companies &apos; market capitalisations .
most of what have happened in Yugoslavia can be explained from the angle of how the media creates language and the way we think . the incident of the &quot; accidental &quot; missile hit is but one example .
marine Region had a particularly busy year , especially with activities in the harbour where hundreds of craft of various sizes watched fireworks and other displays relating to the opening of the Lantau link and the handover ceremony .
many young Singaporeans who have been exposed to Western culture have become rather self-centred and place money and freedom above everything else . the prevalence of such values has made boosting the national birthrate seem an unachievable goal .
looking back , whether it is the preparation of our people for work or life , the education system in Singapore has worked , and delivered , to ensure that the nation is in time for the future .
little wonder futurists have said that the Internet would become the paradise of politicians and e-mail the most politically potent technology ever invented . they have the power to swing public opinion , and even overthrow a government .
knowing our past gives us a sense of history and continuity makes us more appreciative of our forebears &apos; struggles for a better life for their family , and stimulates pride in their contributions toward Singapore &apos;s prosperity .
it is unlikely that Singaporeans would be comfortable with the laissez-faire politics of Hyde Park corner . they would ask : why isn &apos;t there some form of regulation since the corner is set up by the government ?
independent from the enforcement authority , the laboratory served as the referee analyst under various ordinances and regulations in environmental protection . some 587 samples were examined for litigation purposes in1997 , with occasional involvement in on-site measurements .
in this experiment , each rat had microelectrodes implanted into the region of the brain that controlled the movement of its limbs . the animals were then trained to operate a lever with a foot to release food .
in a recent study of 30 patients , the B-12 scan successfully 1ocated tumors in 90 percent of the patients . the test was especially helpful in finding breast cancer in women who had dense breast tis sue .
in Singapore , a senior Asian executive asked his American buddy half jokingly whether Asians or Americans are more prone to corruption ? somewhat taken aback , he replied : I think now we are about the same .
in 1997 , valuable screenplays left behind by Singapore writer Chua boon Hean , who wrote under the pen name Liu Beian , were donated to the Hong Kong movie museum and became one of its important collections .
however , following China &apos;s accelerated political and economic decline during the 19th and part of 20th centuries resulting in foreign encroachment upon its sovereignty , its cultural appeal lost its shine , except to the discerning foreigners .
finally he came all the way out . he took a drink , then inspected the fuchsia plant hanging on the porch . suddenly he lifted up , flew over the roof of the house -- and gone .
even a relatively clean country like Singapore has some corruption . corruption can never be entirely eliminated ; it has existed in all of recorded history . anti-corruption efforts can only be as strong as their weakest link .
during my early days in Nantah , the university did not have a Chancellor . it only had a Secretary-General . as the Secretary-General , Mr Pan gave the students the impression that he was a stern character .
do you know what heat is ? in the past some people thought that heat was a fluid , because it can flow from a hot body to a cooler one until both are at the same temperature .
do you know how the future should look ? do you see a better way ? there is no need to wait . there is no need to recline and rest in mock desperation . complaining does nothing .
counter-terrorism efforts become an important item of cooperation among Southeast Asian nations , and between ASEAN countries and the United States . this cooperation will only intensify , built on the solid foundation laid during the last year .
confronted with the crisis , our government has remained calm and taken firm action to tackle the pressing difficulties while preparing for still greater growth in the future by launching a series of bold and yet well-planned countermeasures .
comparison is a good way to tell one thing from another . the attitudes of Germany and Japan towards history , for instance , demonstrate clearly the difference between honesty and hypocrisy as well as wisdom and stupidity .
co-operation with anti-corruption agencies in the Mainland continued.During the year , talks were given to 3000 Mainland officials visiting Hong Kong . in November , the Commissioner led a delegation to visit the procuratorates in Beijing and Guangzhou .
but does it make sense to focus only on providing basic services ? economic cycles as they are , there will always be needs to be met and there will always be an excuse to exclude the arts .
both the United States and China are rich in human resources and human talent . what wonders lie before us if we practice the advice : Tong Li He Zuo , &quot; Connect strength and work together . &quot;
assuming that the US secret services had done their homework and every single factor incriminates terrorists of Arabic descent with links to Osama bin Laden , the world could do little but fear backlash by the Bush administration .
as a regular traveller overseas , and having access to the major Western media , it pains me that many label Singapore freely as an authoritarian society , with freedom of speech and other attributes of democracy curtailed .
as a newly-emerging nation in Asia , Singapore is characterised with multiracialism and influenced by Western culture and technology . hence the particular need for an in-depth understanding of the cultural divergence and compatibility between East and West .
and some of the SAP schools have regular activities which involve the minority cultural groups . for example , Catholic High School regularly invites Malay and Indian cultural groups to perform or to give talks during appropriate festivals .
and almost all scientists there are &quot; aggressive &quot; , said the Nobel Laureate . the epithet has no Chinese equivalent , he noted , probably because &quot; aggressive &quot; ways and attitudes are missing in Chinese culture .
after several decades of developments , the number of Singaporeans with insight and different views on national affairs is on the rise . people are beginning to question the ideology and lifestyle which they have been used to .
a laboratory experiment has revealed that the tiny turtles are born with the ability to &quot; detect &quot; the magnetic fields which help them to navigate the 8,000 miles across the stormy Atlantic Ocean and back home again .
a hormone imbalance , especially too much of the male hormone androgen , can also result in thinning hair . it can be treated either with the contracetive pill or hormone replacement therapy , depending on your age .
a Prisoners &apos; Education Trust Fund set up with charitable donations in1995 provides financial assistance to prisoners in educational pursuits , in the form of grants to cover course or examination fees , and expenses on reference books .
UNESCO says that it has given the Americans a map so that its bombers can avoid vital cultural sites , which include the vault in the presidential palace and other places , where other museum treasures are stored .
Singapore , the Government and people are imbued with the Confucian reverence for education . large amounts of public funds have been expended in enhancing our education system . schemes are formulated aimed at encouraging continual educational improvement .
RTHK is a publicly-funded , editorially independent broadcaster whose mission is to inform , educate and entertain people through the provision of balanced and objective programmes . it operates seven radio channels , each with a distinct identity .
Pauline Hanson used to run a restaurant in Queensland serving fish and chips , a favourite meal of Australians . but she was not contented with just that and her ambition drove her to start a political party .
Kiasu . how that word stings my tongue , yet many embrace such a philosophy.Darwinism dictates that the fittest will survive , and what better way to ensure survival than being kiasu ? is that a good thing ?
Igneous activity had ceased by the beginning of the tertiary period , 60million years ago . rocks now seen on the island of Ping Chau represent sediments laid down in a lake on the edge of a desert .
I would therefore suggest that the committee chaired by Dr. Wong consider compulsory education for 10 years , not six . as for its enforcement , I am confident that the committee will find ways to achieve it .
I see a world in which there will continue to be conflict but where competition between great peoples will build rather than destroy -- where it will be a force for peace and progress rather than for war .
Hong Kong &apos;s news media include 50 daily newspapers , 693periodicals , two commercial television companies , a subscription television service , a regional satellite television service , one government radio-television station , and two commercial radio stations .
Chinese language is the key to Chinese culture which includes calligraphy , paintings , ceramics , literary classics , history and others . a vocabulary of about 3,000 words will be suffice for one to read Chinese newspapers .
Bunkering is readily available at commercial wharves and oil terminals , or from a large fleet of private bunkering barges . fresh water can also be provided alongside berths , or from a private fleet of water boats .
Beijing should come to realise that a rigid Taiwan policy will not elicit a flexible China policy from the island . instead , it will boost the growth of pro-indigenisation parties and the emergence of more conservative policies .
－ the amount of the loan . the face a-mount or par valueis the amount that the bond issuer has agreed to repay . a typical face amount is S $ 1,000 for bonds issued by the Singapore government ;
would any arts venue operator take up the challenge and give these suggestions , and others that they might think of , a try to see if these potential impediments to our becoming a cultivated society can be eradicated ?
with the publication of more such anthologies , the literary scene will become more active and students and other readers can enjoy more local works . in doing this , more people will be inspired and encouraged to write .
with the advent of the United States as the dominant military and economic power since the 1940s , it has been the turn of the East to be mesmerised by its pervasive achievements in various fields of human endeavour .
while there seems to be a growing inclination towards acceptance of the Beijing-proposed &quot; one country , two systems &quot; formula , there is a need to get down to the nitty-gritty and the matter must be handled carefully .
what I would like retained are family and kinship ties and attendant values like respect for one &apos;s parents and elders . without these , the New Year celebration will become a soulless commercial happening and devoid of meaning .
we need to have a common understanding of what humanity is before we can re-cultivate it . we need also to fully comprehend and appreciate its significance to the growth of a person , a people and a nation .
warm greetings and grateful thanks to you all as you gather to celebrate the 50th Anniversary of the United States Air Force . alas , I can &apos;t be with you myself because I have commitments in Hong Kong .
training programmes are reviewed regularly to meet changing society and operational needs . apart from uniformed staff , orientation / recruit training courses are also arranged for newly appointed non-custodial staff , such as clinical psychologists and technical instructors .
to improve the efficiency of parking meter operations , a new contract for the supply of electronic parking meters which accept smart cards was awarded in late 1997 . installation of the new meters will start in April 1998 .
thus shall we live , because we will have created a society which recognizes that all people are born equal , with each entitled in equal measure to life , liberty , prosperity , human rights and good governance .
this is , of course , a very standardised process . the best products of such a system are technocrats , not people with talents in other areas . unfortunately , humanity is not a pillar of this pyramid .
this effective scholarship network , which has antecedents in the Chinese examination system but has been continually refined to meet the challenges of the information and technological era , has enabled Singapore to uphold meritocracy in its public administration .
there is no consensus among Asian intellectuals and scholars on whether there is such a thing as &quot; Asian values &quot; .Some Asians believe that there are good values and bad values but no such thing as Asian values .
there is a Malay saying : &quot; it is easier to teach a stupid person than a stubborn one &quot; . America must not be stubborn and Muslims must use persuasion rather than contention to deal with the situation .
the value of that gift to all who have suffered will and must be measured by the happiness and welfare of all the people of our country , who will have torn down the inhuman walls that divide them .
the threat of global terrorism has put Muslims under the spotlight . it has also shown how important it is for Singaporeans to understand each other and pull together as a nation regardless of race , religion and culture .
the third lesson that East Asia can learn from the EU is their institutions matter . as Jean Mornet of France , a key architect of European integration , once wrote , nothing lasting can be build without instituition .
the six government-owned tunnels - lion Rock , Aberdeen , Airport , Shing Mun , Tseung Kwan O and Cheung Tsing - are managed and operated by private companies under management contracts . tolls are controlled by the government .
the second term of office of the Legislative Council began on October 1 , 2000 , and in accordance with the Basic Law and the Legislative Council ordinance , the term of office is four years ( 2000-2004 ) .
the public may complain to the ombudsman about government departments which fail to respond to requests for information in accordance with the code . it represents a major step in meeting public expectations of greater transparency from the government .
the presidential election in Taiwan last month aroused the fervour of the entire population on the island. it grabbed the attention of the Beijing leadership and the international community as well as that of the Chinese across the world .
the number of applications for inspectorate posts remained steady at 2 796 in 1997 , compared with 3 268 in 1996 , and 90 were appointed as inspectors . another 68 serving officers were promoted from within the ranks .
the museum continued to provide strong support to schools interested in staging in-school exhibitions . the travelling exhibition , Your eyes , was available for use by schools , and more than 10000 students benefited from its hands-on exhibits .
the education service has to be able to equip our young with the competencies , attitudes and values that would ensure they are in time for the new age in which there might be no jobs but only opportunities .
the department &apos;s establishment of 8592 staff comprised 7847 uniformed and 745 civilian members . it is one of the world &apos;s finest fire brigades , with well-trained personnel , advanced communication systems , and modern equipment and appliances .
the brightest of each cohort are given accelerated promotions and regular job moves to monitor their suitability for greater responsibilities . those who can stand up to the scrutiny are promoted permanent secretaries , generals or even government ministers .
the Secretary for Broadcasting , Culture and sport is the Antiquities Authority who implements the provisions of the Antiquities and monuments ordinance through the AMO . he draws on the advice of the Antiquities Advisory Board to do so .
the Crime Prevention Bureau continued to promote the principles of self-protection for both the public and private sectors through the provision of target-specific security advice . demand for its services in architectural design and computer security continued to expand .
take a leaf from the successful Americans who open their eateries across Asia . look at their aggressive advertising . the average Asian probably knows much about a Big Mac but has no idea what char kuay teow is .
sixth , secure jobs are no longer sought after , but those requiring energy and drive are preferred . you will not choose a company just because it promises your a life-long care in return for your conscientious service .
since I &apos;ve already paid for it , I might as well get the most of it . besides , everyone else is piling their plates high enough to make Kuala Lumpur &apos;s Twin Towers look like dwarf City .
similar oddities exist in the commercial sector . many companies rely on simple transliteration with poor and careless choice of words . as a result , they sometimes lose great opportunities to promote the business with a carefully-chosen name .
second , the development of international human rights law , during the past 50 years , has been driven by a dominantWest . the views , concerns and interests of the non-Western world are often ignored or inadequately considered .
recently , the local media and stock market have been buzzing with rumours that Hong Kong-based China.com was bidding for LibertyOne , a major Australian Web developer that has been seeking mergers and alliances with Hong Kong Internet companies .
plans are complete for a purpose-built complex at the detective Training School , to house a new school and a centralised in-service training centre.Building will commence in November 1998 and the project is expected to be completed in mid-2001 .
personally , witnessing changes helped reinforce my sense of belonging . how we have become a society more open to ideas , more receptive of foreign culture and a country with a reputation that we can be proud of .
one thing seems certain . as the Chinese economy expands further , more foreigners will see the palpable benefits of being conversant with its language and culture if not for its intrinsic value , at least for economic advantage .
offers - Any fund promoter that offers a deal to buy into their fund that promises returns that seem too good to be true is probably offering just that , i.e. returns that are too good to be true .
moreover , in a multi-lingual community , it may be insensitive to provide only Chinese annotations . similarly , we should not neglect the need of half a million or so Chinese Singaporeans who are not proficient in English .
looking back , my last real recollection of a General Election was that in 1997 when the hot contesting in Cheng San GRC between PAP and the Workers &apos; Party saw some excited schoolmates attending rallies every other evenings .
it takes time for journalists to be convinced that readers are not craving for tit-for-tat negative reports . the launch of Next magazine in Taiwan may have no impact on us , but it offers much food for thought .
it is far more important for us to let our kids , our future , know that art is neither frivolous nor superfluous . we need to show them that art is more than pleasant pictures or soothing music .
is the shinning example shown by RGS a mere flash in the pan , or is it the harbinger of a more caring society , in which human kindness is valued no less than material success or scholastic achievement ?
is East Asia prepared to learn the first lesson ? the answer in Southeast Asia is definitely &quot; yes &quot; . its regional institution for closer cooperation , the Association of South East Asian Nations , is well established .
instead of worrying , we should take this time to think about the kind of society we want Singapore to be in the new age . we should think about how we can contribute to a better world order .
in this connection , renumeration in terms of basic pay is not welcome . attractive salaries are those linked with the company &apos;s shares . the bulk of your pay package is shares , not the basic monthly salary .
have we taken the peace that we enjoy for granted ? has the slogan of &quot; be prepared for danger in times of peace &quot; become something that we remind ourselves of only during the annual Total Defence activities ?
furthermore , all of these problems are structural in nature.They are all the products of an unreformed political system that has become a drag on development and a serious barrier to China &apos;s ambitions to become a global superpower .
existing bus-only lanes are mostly localised and do not facilitate the movement of buses between districts and / or regions . as a result , buses still suffer significant delays due to traffic congestion in major inter-district traffic corridors .
ever notice how you &apos;re given better service when you speak good English ? this is understandable because most of those who speak good English have degress and credentials . in short , they &apos;re well-educated and have clout .
during the year , the Chek lap Kok Fire Station , Tung Chung Fire Station-cum-Ambulance Depot and Lam Tin Ambulance Depot were commissioned . the sham Tseng Fire Station was also under construction and scheduled for completion in 1998 .
during 1997 , the Ba &apos;s Complaints Committee dealt with 289 complaints . on advice from the Complaints Committee , the Ba issued seven warnings and one serious warning , and imposed one financial penalty amounting to $ 100,000 .
despite this outrage , a significant number of ancient genealogical records have been safely preserved in librariesin China , Japan , South Korea , Taiwan , United States and in private collections in China and among overseas Chinese communities .
despite the progress of our times , some of us still accept that Westerners deserve better treatment than we ourselves . now , the self-belittling mindset has been brought to the surface by the candid words of the doctor .
creative thinking has become an objective of our education system . the subject has sparked off many debates － a testimony to the fact that it affects the future development of the country and is , thus , noteworthy .
could this idea be relevant and useful only in ancient times and have lost its relevance and value in the 21st century ? could it be applicable only to people in the East and not people in the West ?
colour receivers are still much more expensive than black and white sets . nevertheless , many countries are fully committed to colour transmission . how long will it be before black and white sets are found only in museums ?
by contrast , the use of the Net in China still lags far behind that in America and Europe . there is still a long way to go before Chinese can catch up with English as a Net language .
but with an opportunity created by Chee Soon Juan halfway through the hustings , he changed tactics and started wooing voters in the two opposition strongholds . that put Chiam See Tong and low Thia Khiang on the defensive .
but unlikely as it may seem now , these things may be transient , and should they fall from grace one day ( touch wood ! ) , what will we do for a sense of identification and belonging ?
but the world today is being transformed at an unprecedented pace . things around us are changing all the time ----new technology , new inventions , new cultures . new words are being churned out at an amazing speed .
but the downfall of former deputy prime minister Anwar Ibrahim has caused some Malays to lose faith in UMNO and Umno-controlled newspapers . this , in turn , has led to a plunge in the circulation of Malay newspapers .
at one point in my stay there , approximately 100 , 000 monks got together -- in a country that &apos;s about as big as Texas -- to chant and sing and pray in protest against the militaly regime .
at least three Chinese consumers have decided to file a lawsuit against Toshiba . China Consumers , a Beijing-based newspaper well known for its commitment to consumer protection , has decided to provide legal aid to consumers suing Toshiba .
as teachers , you must believe that you can make a difference to the lives of your students . indeed , this is surely so for you will almost always be the one stable adult figure in their lives .
as I see it , Singapore is a country closely associated with what is new , and Singaporeans have a thirst for new-ness in almost everything . perhaps they are just a nation that is ever seeking something new .
another initiative was also officially launched last year in June when our Prime Minister Mr Goh Chok unveiled the vision of Thinking schools , Learning Nation as the direction we should take in preparing our young for the future .
an outstanding example is the one of CERN , the European Organization of Nuclear Research in Geneva , by now over 30 years old and which today supports as many as 4,500 scientists in the field of elementary particles .
an exhibition of 81 rare , ancient Chinese documents of the Shanghai Library was held in July . the national relics included thread-bound rare Chinese books , stone rubbing inscriptions , personal letters of famous Chinese and genealogy books .
about a decade ago , it became apparent that future growth would be of an order not previously appreciated and that careful co-ordination would be needed so that the development would integrate into overall plans for developing Hong Kong .
a very important world problem in fact , I think it may be the most important of all the great world problems which face us at the present time is rapidly increasing pressure of population on the land . &#93;
a near neighbour is better than a distant cousin , as they say . if fellow residents know one another well , there will be more mutual help and understanding among them , and many problems can be averted .
a few weeks back , I asked a 14-year-old friend how she was coping with school.Referring to stress , she heaved a big sigh and said : &quot; Aiyah , anything bad that can happen has already happened . &quot;
Thirdly , the airport in Singapore has no air travel insurance service . is this disallowed by the government or an oversight on the part of the insurance companies ? in other countries , this is a big business !
Singapore is a highly paper qualification-oriented country , and nothing succeeds here like success . the world-renowned academic failures like Bill Gates and Steve Jobs might not have found fame as computer geniuses , had they been raised locally .
ICAC officers also attended overseas forums , including the Eighth International anti-corruption Conference in Peru . Directorate officers regularly meet the legal attaches of major overseas law enforcement agencies stationed in Hong Kong to discuss matters of mutual interest .
I have also been told that people with such &quot; complex names &quot; do not really want to go by them - they themselves may not understand what the names mean as they are used to their English names .
I am more sanguine then ever before that we shall see a full flowering of the arts in the new millennium , as there is now more widespread realisation that it is very much a part of civilised living .
I &apos;m sure that laughter has been selected by evolution as a useful device for promoting social communication . but we have yet to discover which genes command the enormously complex chain of physiological events which accompany laughter generation .
Heart-warming and hopelessly romantic Japanese drama serials are all the rage now in Asian cities and even villages . the teenyboppers just never seem to get enough of their heart-throbs and may even yearn for the same romantic experience .
Chinese language and acupuncture are now taught in many leading US universities and medical schools . Chinese herbal medicines form an essential component of alternative medicine , which now has as many converts as those seeking conventional medical treatment .
911 and Al-Qaedah have ushered in a new era , splitting the world into &quot; terrorists &quot; and &quot; non-terrorists &quot; . a religious divide pitting Muslims against non-Muslims is not the answer to a strong , cohesive Singapore .
6.If all else fails , ask yourself if you might be pregnant . the hormones associated with pregnancy can cause sneezing . pregnant women also often have rhinitis -- a runny nose -- and may sneeze as a result .
3 、 latecomers will not be admitted under any circumstances until a natural break occurs . a closed-circuit television should be installed in the foyer for their benefit , as is commonly done in Europe and the United States .
&quot; elite &quot; should be an honorific title conferred upon the brightest talent in our society . they are not merely the &quot; Pentium &quot; computers , they are the &quot; Deep Blues &quot; capable of defeating world champions .
you must also get your phonetics right before you string your words nicely in sentences . I still hear people who have pre-university education pronouncing &quot; zero &quot; as &quot; jeeloh &quot; and &quot; Singapore &quot; as &quot; Siah-ng-por &quot; .
will the lunar New Year survive modern living and competing influences in Singapore ? some pessimists contend that it would gradually lose its sanctity and degenerate into a commercial festival like Christmas has become worldwide , except to the Christians .
while reports and publications of public interest issued by the Government are available in both languages , correspondence with the public is in the language appropriate to the recipients . simultaneous interpretation services are provided at official meetings when necessary .
where have we gone wrong ? this time even our hindsight is not perfect . perhaps it is because the international body has never understood that peace was , is and never will be something it can engineer nor administer .
when interviewed by the visitors , the principal shared her experience , joy and pride in helping the students run their own TV station . she did not touch on the children &apos;s scholastic performance or results in various competitions .
what motivates Nantah alumni associations all over the world to put in money and hard work to vie for the honour of hosting a reunion ? what makes alumni drop their work and business to show up at a get-together ?
what is the result of the tussle between standardised and mixed languages in Singapore ? I hope it will be a win-win situation , but my mind is not at ease . in fact , sometimes I feel downright anxious .
well , I did not mind looking like a &quot; suaku &quot; because I was curious about Singapore - and I went on to try Yusheng and join the crowds at &quot; Singapore River Hongbao &quot; and &quot; Chingay &quot; .
weather information is also provided to commercial communications and paging services which make it available on various electronic media . the Observatory produces a variety of Meteorological and climatological publications , most of which are obtainable from the department free-of-charge .
we should not be too harsh on the descendants of those Singaporeans for not cherishing cultural heritage . let us also not blame young people for not valuing culture and traditions . in their minds , perhaps only money matters .
understanding how these cultures adapted to events like persis tent droughts could provide valuable perspective on how modem societies might respond to future climate change , says Peter deMenocal , a researcher at the Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory of Columbia University .
to the people of Chinese descent , the lunar New Year is undoubtedly the most important festival of the year . dating back 3000 years , it celebrates the passing of a peaceful year and to welcome a new one .
to many people in China , Singapore is associated with efficient government , good order , tasty foods , and tourist &apos;s attractions — attributes given to the Equatorial island-state by numerous travels , essays , and inspection tour reports .
through encrypted satellite communications , the predator was providing a live battlefield television picture back to control rooms at the US Central Command in Tampa , Florida , from where General Tommy Franks has been runnig the war in Afghanistan .
this social &quot; super-glue &quot; is crucial if we are to withstand new and global threats together as a united people . it is not impossible . a case in point would be my personal experience as a Muslim woman .
they were hectic years -- rough years , and inescapably , they often took me to the fringe of the underworld . but just the fringe . I soon learned , however , that even this can be too close .
they warn people , for example , against littering , spitting , chewing gum , eating or drinking in a bus or train , damaging flowers , trees or other plants , and leaving the toilet unflushed after using it .
these great masses will have turned their backs on the grave insult to human dignity. which described some as masters and others as servants , and transformed each into a predator whose survival depended on the destruction of the other .
there have been two commonly expressed concerns that question the merits or even the legitimacy of the campaign and especially the latest move to cultivate a Chinese intellectual and cultural elite . in my view , both concerns are legitimate .
there are no permanent friends and foes in the global arena and a country &apos;s foreign policy must adapt constantly to changing circumstances . while foreign relations may see-saw , this is not how academic research should be carried out .
the strength of the Eastern tradition , as pinpointed by Prof Yang , lies in its emphasis on education and family ties . that explains why numerous talented Asians have been brought up in the fields of science and technology .
the point I am trying to make is hardly profound . don &apos;t we know that to truly get to know another person , we would need to know something about his past ? the same goes for a country .
the never  changing balm of the seashore awaited me . the breeze was chilly , but I strode along , trying to recapture the serenity I needed . I had forgotten the child and was startled when she appeared .
the media here should also bear in mind that competition does not mean a need to bad-mouth rivals . during its publicity blitz for its launch , Next magazine did not utter even an offensive word against any Taiwanese media .
the main holy days and festivals observed by the Sikh community are the birthdays of guru Nanak ( founder of the faith ) , guru Gobind Singh ( the10th guru ) and Baisakhi ( the birthday of all Sikhs ) .
the latest Port cargo forecasts predicted that by 2016 there would be a demand for Hong Kong to handle 33 million TEUs a year . this is equivalent to handling 63 TEUs every minute of every hour of every day .
the government has done its part by building an impressive arts infrastructure , including an ultra-modern arts centre , new museums and better exhibition and performing facilities . it also houses arts companies in converted old premises at nominal rentals .
the first disagreement was over whether , given the diversity of the world in which we live , we could agree that &quot; different places should be allowed to progress at differentpaces &quot; towards the achievement of the universal standards .
the compilation of Chinese genealogy , though long past its heyday , is still being carried on in Taiwan . it is hoped that , before long , it would also be revived in its place of origin ----Mainland China .
the West Kowloon expressway runs 4.2 kilometres from the WHC to Lai Chi Kok . it serves developments on the West Kowloon reclamation and helps relieve pressure on existing local roads . it was opened to traffic on February 19 .
the Self-Provided External telecommunication System ( SPETS ) Licence is issued to a company or an organisation for the establishment of its own external circuits for internal communications . at the end of 1997 , 50SPETS licences were in force .
the Hong Kong Time Standard is provided by a caesium beam atomicclock . accuracy within fractions of a microsecond a day is maintained . a six-pip time signal is sent to Radio Television Hong Kong for broadcast at quarter-hour intervals .
the HKSAR has more than 4900 practising solicitors and 630 local law firms , plus some 39 foreign law firms , 646 registered foreign lawyers and six registered associations between foreign law firms and local law firms in the HKSAR .
the Government flying Service ( GFS ) is a disciplined service providing flying support to departments and agencies of the HKSAR Government . it also directly supports the community by offering a 24-hour air ambulance and Search and Rescue service .
the Director of Marine is the authority regulating and monitoring the pilotage service . he achieves this through the assistance of the Pilotage Advisory Committee , the membership of which covers a wide spectrum of port users and shipping interests .
the Corruption Prevention Department examines the policies , practices and procedures of government departments and public bodies , and makes recommendations to remove opportunities for corruption . on request , it also advises the private sector on corruption prevention methods .
the Civil Service Training and Development Institute ( CSTDI ) , the Government &apos;s central training and development agency , provides training and advisory services to all departments and bureaux through offering a wide spectrum of training and development programmes .
the Civil Engineering Department is also responsible for maintaining public marine facilities . it inspects and repairs public marine structures including breakwaters , beacons , piers and seawalls . it also oversees maintenance dredging of navigation channels and anchorage areas .
the Beijing Office was established in March 1999 in accordance with Article 22 of the Basic Law . its role is to enhance liaison and communication between the HKSAR Government and the CPG and other Mainland provincial / municipal authorities .
that Cui Qi received the 1998 Nobel Prize did not come as a surprise to physicists , but I was still elated by the news . I am sure this is exactly how ethnic Chinese all over the world feel .
sunnier and warmer weather was observed in March and the total sunshine duration amounted to 129.3 hours , 32.9 hours more than normal . as a result , the monthly mean temperature reached 20.1 degrees , the seventh-highest for March .
such solid progress is in no contradiction with new developments in information and other technologies . the latest and fast changing technologies will help maintain and facilitate growth , yet our growth must be reliably down-to-earth to ensure sustainable success .
sports also have an unique ability to unite people . one day , should a Singaporean be able to bring home a gold medal from the Olympics , the joy and pride Singaporeans experience as a nation would be immeasuarable .
since the Ministry of Community Development was officially renamed the Ministry of Community Development and Sports on April 1 last year , the government has set clear goals to promote the development of sports to make Singapore a sporting nation .
secondly , there are no changing rooms at the beaches that house the showers , lockers and toilets . as the Hawaii of the East , swimming at the beaches of tropical Singapore should be one of its tourist attractions .
secondly , of course , the SAP schools are now using English as the medium of instruction and Chinese at a higher level than other schools and with greater cultural content , but the main medium of instruction is English .
risks - Investment risk is something to be accepted as part of the deal , values do go down as well as up . do not compound your risk by &quot; taking a chance on the manager &quot; as well .
remnants of the original forest cover , either scrub forest or well-developed woodlands , are still found in steep ravines . they have survived the destructive influences of man through their location in precipitous topography and the moist winter micro-climate .
recently , my husband received a letter from a young man named Austin.He said , &quot; Dear Mister President Bush.My favorite subject is math.My teacher is Mrs.Broff.She is my teacher for one year , but a friend for life . &quot;
prominent Chinese scholar , Professor Yu Qiuyu noted that a first bridge has been constructed to develop Chinese culture . in my opinion , Lianhe Zaobao has in fact bridged that gap between renowned speakers and participants with the Dialogue .
one of the indications of the strength of European science during the first 25 years of this century is that out of the 71 Nobel Prizes in physics , chemistry , and medicine , 68 were awarded to European scientists .
once my mother was away on a trip abroad with my grandma . Auntie Loh , who lived several doors away , prepared some more dishes for us children every evening , which filled our stomachs and warmed our hearts .
on the other hand , Eastern people differ from Westerners in some cultural traits , Prof Yang pointed out . for example , physicists in the United States are generally bolder in putting forward fresh views and challenging existing authorities .
obviously , humility is his life &apos;s motto . if this were not the case , then he would not have created such a deep impression on people who have come into contact with him thirty or forty years ago .
nowadays , it is no shame to suffer failure in striving for something new , but it is shame to stay in a rut . all the role models in new economy are people who never stop pushing for innovations .
now that the ust of the General Election has settled , it is time , I think , to discuss how a better and fairer electoral system could be established for future elections to ensure an even more democratic society .
now remember that large bodies exert a greater pull on any body than smaller ones which contain less material . but each object in the universe , no matter how small , pulls on all other objects to some degree .
now , German is not an easy language to learn . yet my German teachers were able to sustain my interest in the subject , such that I had reached A-level competence in just forty eight weeks &apos; of instruction .
my host , sensing this , tried to be reassuring . &quot; please don &apos;t worry about it . tests have proved that you can breathe fresh air day and night without its doing any harm to the bady . &quot;
most of the stolen luxury vehicles were believed to have been smuggled into the Mainland overland by containers , although some were smuggled by sea using sand barges . the use of high-powered speed boats in vehicle smuggling declined substantially .
men knew how to make kites hundreds of years ago . kites could stay in the air for many hours . &quot; if birds and kites can stay up in the air , perhaps we can . &quot; they thought .
just as education has been pivotal to our country &apos;s growth and prosperity , teachers have been , and will remain , the single most important factor in the service &apos;s ability to achieve its vision and fulfil its mission .
it is scarcely imaginable in Singapore that people could be so generous as to lend the army their houses , or that the military would have to use civilian properties . herein one can find differences in culture and ideas .
it is heartening to know that certain Muslim leaders , who had been foes and staunch critics of America , have joined the world to assist America to hunt down the perpetrators of the New York disasters and other terrorists-in-waiting .
it &apos;s that time of the year again when students face that proverbial cross-road . those who &apos;ve just got their GCE &apos; O &apos; level results want to know what course they should do in junior college or polytechnic .
in this age when information technology is developing at breakneck speed , the economy is going global and research in life sciences has also taken off , do the thoughts of Confucius and Mencius still have a place in society ?
in fact , persuasion and edification would do well to aid judicial measures in building a gracious society with public-minded citizens . a people who are tolerant , open-minded and reasonable would be a surer guarantee for such a society .
if you &apos;re getting along so well with them , why the deep-rooted divide between native Taiwanese and mainlanders when it comes to politics ? &quot; &quot; the divide surfaces only when elections are on , &quot; I was told .
if they do desire their preservation , then it is imperative that they must , by example and action , strive to uphold these time-tested values , as encapsulated in the New Year spirit , against any corrosive influences constantly .
if the Chinese community is determined to preserve its language and culture , and if we want to make adequate preparations for future developments , it is my opinion that setting up a School of Chinese Studies is a necessity .
however , in countries such as the United States and Australia , the sports industry is a very lucrative one . the money professional sportsmen or sportswomen make , is certainly no less than specialist doctors , lawyers or bankers .
his second  grade teacher wrote , &quot; Teddy is an excellent student well  liked by his classmates , but he is troubled because his mother has a terminal illness and life at home must be a struggle . &quot;
granted , the Speak Mandarin Campaign has faced some resistance all these years since its first launch in 1979 . resistance has come from all fronts : from the dialect-speaking community , the English-educated Chinese , and from the non-Chinese .
geological enthusiasts could also follow a volcanic trail through Central American . there are many volcanoes in just a small area , some with perfectly cone-shaped peaks constantly emiting smoke from their craters . some of them are partially accessible .
generally , governments find it effective to use the mass media to transmit nationalistic values as they are penetrating and far-reaching . at the same time , governments laws and regulations in order to support the new concept of nationalism .
first , the elaborate multi-generation reunion dinner eaten leisurely at home was the norm . the unenviable task of preparing it would inevitably fall on the women folks , assisted by their domestic help for those who could afford them .
colors are the result of light waves reflected on the retinal of the eyes . it is estimated that the human eyes can distinguish 10 million different shades of colors . we are , therefore , very sensitive to color .
children are our hope and destiny . nature areas like Chek Jawa , provide our children with a most wonderful playground to grow up with us parents . it is where we can build tangible and sweet memories with them .
but the take-over is foreseen &quot; in less than 20 years &quot; . Snowballing at its current rate , the total of China &apos;s Net-surfers will hit 250 million in the year 2010 . there is enormous room for growth .
but do they all mean the same thing and do they all reply in the accent of the same dialect ? on this multiplicity of the meaning of being Chinese , I must tell the story of a Honolulu happening .
at different stages of competition between Dalian and Qingdao , there have been subtle changes in the role and image of Singapore as a growth model . to many Chinese cities , the Singapore model has become increasingly less attractive .
as the United States is seeking the disintegration of Yugoslavia in the current Yugoslav conflict , its media has vilified the Serbs in its one-sided reports , ignoring the massacres of the Serbs by Croatians , Bosnians and Kosovo Albanians .
as for English , the same language is used very differently in different places like Great Britain , the Talk to a non-Singaporean English-speaker about void decks and he or she would probably not know what you are talking about .
as far as the teaching of the Chinese language is concerned , do computer lessons really achieve the desired goals , that is , to raise the students &apos; level of Chinese , pass on traditional values , et cetera ?
as a student of Chinese culture , I have gained a useful insight into its state of health and future prospects after attending the recent &quot; Towards the Next Century ---- A Cultural Dialogue &quot; organised by the Lianhe Zaobao .
and in another place I taught - Jianyang , Chengdu - girls learning Medical English as part of their preparation for a nursing career happily went for names like happy and frog . not terribly sophisticated , one must admit .
although Singlish is a sign of greater interaction among the ethnic as well as the Chinese dialect groups , its widespread use has been a bad influence on the young who are quick to master it instead of proper English .
a combination of moral suasion — persuation , encouragement , counselling and cajoling , and impose fines or other forms of punishment . the law should only be used as a last resort to bring errant parents to their senses .
Thirdly , almost all the articles I read on the subject carried in Singapore newspapers unquestioningly acceded that the study of Chinese was a &quot; cultural anchor &quot; for the students and was a way of &quot; transmitting values . &quot;
Singaporeans are familiar with politics in Britain.There , the Speakers &apos; corner has long been maintained in HydePark as a symbol of freedom of speech.Now , borrowing the name , our government has sent out a loud and clear message .
Singapore is so small a country that you can exhaust all her scenic spots within a few days , and yet it is such an open and expansive society that races live in harmony and cultures flourish side by side .
I want the talk to you about what I believe has to be the agenda of a leader of an enterprise-business , government agency , university , hospital , bank anywhere in the world -- the agenda regarding information technology .
I hope more young Singaporeans will apply to study in Chinese and Taiwanese universities . all this reflects the assessment that a good command of Chinese and knowledge of Chinese culture would be a great advantage in the next century .
I find it hard to identify any other profession which can claim to have such a significant impact on our lives . doctors may heal , engineers may build . but teachers mould lives and the future of our nation .
I believe that East Asia &apos;s current economic difficulties are temporary and that the region will rise again . with the right vision , East Asia can become , like Western Europe , a united , peaceful and prosperous community .
Hong Kong , the world &apos;s busiest container port for six consecutive years , handled about 14.6 million Twenty-Foot equivalent units ( TEUs ) of containers in 1997 . this represents an increase of some 8.2 per cent over 1996 .
Antti Heinonen , the ECB &apos;s director of banknotes , said : &quot; at the moment , with 40 manufacturing facilities involved in the production of euro notes across Europe , it is very challenging to achieve consistent quality . &quot;
5.Drink slowly . don &apos;t gulp down those drinks . the alcohol goes immediately to your stomach and is quickly passed to your bloodstream and circulated throughout your body . the faster you gulp , the drunker you &apos;ll get .
&quot; thank you for your cooperation &quot; is still often rendered as &quot; Xiexie peihe &quot; ( &quot; 谢谢配合 &quot; ) in mainland China . to most Chinese Singaporeans , this means : &quot; thank you for your co-ordination &quot; !
while we have reason not to be too optimistic about the young , we can seek solace in well-known scholar Chen Duxiu &apos;s writing that &quot; to society , the young are like fresh new cells to the human body . &quot;
when visitors find the food brilliantly prepared and worth the airfare , they will start to see Singapore as a food paradise . this reminds me of friends who jet to Penang , Hongkong , Italy and London-just to be belly-happy .
what is the sky ? where is it ? how high is it ? what lies above the sky ? I am sure that you have asked questions like these . they are very difficult to answer , aren &apos;t they ?
we have our own examples too . famed paddler Jing Junhong and former soccer star Fandi Ahmad have both made a name for themselves . they have also received enough in return and do not have to worry about their livelihood .
we found a truck dirver , and slipped him a fire  dollar bill , and he let me put my head near his exhoust pipe for a half hour . I was imediately revived and able to give my speech .
we can take pride in our contribution but we should never confine ourselves to our own circles and shut ourselves from the rest of society . we have invested most of our savings in HDB flats bought from the resale market .
unfortunately , Chinese names are now often relegated to oblivion . some find it hard to pick a meaningful one while others will settle for any name at all . either way , they are not used most of the time .
ultimately , we need to ask ourselves if it is important for us to define ourselves as Singaporeans . at the end of the day , do we want to mean more than our cash , our cars and our condo ?
tourists are captivated by this land of irresistible beauty and warmth . yet , perhaps taking all this as expected , while admiring its many attractive aspects , I tried to find out whether there was a flaw in the jewel .
to minimise the possibility of any abuse of power , the ICAC is subject to a stringent system of checks and balances . in addition , the exercise of a number of special powers is now subject to close judicial supervision .
this is what I hope for China . this is what I hope for the world . and this is what I hope for you , the new generations in China , whose task it will be to help achieve it .
this belief was re-affirmed by the Minister for Education in his Parliamentary Address in March this year when he said &quot; Teachers are key to everything we do in Education ..... they are the heart and soul of our system . &quot;
this basic military strategy has been implemented through four major operating policies that together constitute the cornerstones of our defense policy : a balance of force adequate for each mission ; alliances for collective defense : forward-deployed forces , and flexibility .
these operational priorities will be supported by a series of management initiatives to promote the Force values through : wider use of modern technology ; a focus on human resource management ; more widespread communication ; and better management of resources .
there are two main trends in economic activity in the new era : production based on information , and the globalisation of production relations . these two trends will push the world economy into the knowledge-based third stage with great momentum .
their importations of Chinese luxury goods , such as silk , porcelain and tea , had enriched their life immeasurably . two aspects of Chinese cultural heritage have achieved worldwide interest and admiration down to present time : art and Confucianism .
the visits Division sponsors and invites VIP visitors , including politicians , parliamentarians , officials and business people from countries with close relations with Hong Kong . it co-ordinates their visit programmes and briefings to improve their understanding of Hong Kong .
the transportation centre was rapidly taking shape . incorporating the AR Airport Station , it will act as an integrated transport hub for all surface transport . access roads to the terminal and the transportation centre were completed in the year .
the top of the ground is usually covered with grass or other plants . there may be dead leaves and dead plants on the grass . plants grow in soil which has a dark colour . this dark soil is humus .
the tale of two cities － Singapore and Hong Kong － goes beyond their competition in the economic arena . almost simultaneously , each announced a blueprint recently for its future as &quot; one of the world &apos;s cultural centres &quot; .
the rapid growth and emergence of China will increase the importance of the Chinese language . our knowledge of Chinese enables us to tap into this growing economy . it is an asset which we must enhance and not throw away .
the other group covers a wide range of physical and biochemical evidence in cases including homicide , arson , robbery , fraud , sexual assault and traffic accidents . a comprehensive 24-hour scene of crime attendance service is also in operation .
the modern scientific method was born with Galileo in the 17th century , however , the development of the natural sciences began to gain speed only in the latter part of the 18th and the early part of the 19th centuries .
the joint effort between thousands of self-sacrificing Chinese coolies and the local Indonesians ensured that post-independence Indonesia could take over from the Dutch colonialists , these highly profitable tin mines which were able to fill the coffers of this young nation .
the department &apos;s surveyors or authorised classification societies undertake statutory world-wide surveys of Hong Kong registered vessels to ensure these standards are met . since established in 1990 , the register has earned a reputation for high standards and good quality .
the above anecdote serves to remind us that it is imperative for translators and interpreters to be aware of the differences between peoples and cultures . a correct word used in a wrong cultural or religious context is a wrong word .
the Singapore Changi Airport is one of the world &apos;s best , and the Singapore cruise Centre was voted the &quot; Best turnaround Port &quot; from1997 to 1999 in surveys conducted by the UK publication &quot; Dream World cruise destinations &quot; .
the Secretary for Justice is responsible for all prosecutions in the HKSAR . it is her responsibility to decide whether a prosecution should be instituted in any particular case , and , if so , to institute and conduct the prosecution .
the Kowloon-Canton railway started operation in 1910 and was double-tracked and electrified in the early 1980s . operation of the system , formerly run by a government department , was vested in the Kowloon-Canton railway Corporation ( KCRC ) in 1982 .
the &quot; spoon-feeding &quot; education system leads one to be statisfied with one &apos;s status quo . could creative thinking be cultivated in such an environment ? is the system the best option in evaluating a person &apos;s intelligence and ability ?
the &quot; kiasu &quot; mentality is doubtless common among Singaporean parents . if their children are good enough for an elite school , would they opt for a sports school instead ? this is probably the toughest challenge for the sub-committee .
so long as people &apos;s mind is still burdened , they cannot voice their views freely . of course , as to the quality of discussion , it takes time and effort for people to acquire oratorical skills and proper manners .
so , what are common misconceptions ? one common mistake is to assume that cultural practises of Muslims are Islamic practises . Muslims from all over the world may profess the same faith but they do not share the same culture .
since the early 1980 &apos;s , Luxembourg has become the major centre of cross-border marketed investment funds . in recent years , Dublin , Ireland , has become quite popular as an offshore funds centre , and it competes with Luxembourg .
simple words with great meaning . teachers do much more than impart knowledge . they are forces in young lives . admittedly , a love of teaching and reading continues to be a guiding force in my life and my activities .
should we be fired with a passionate vision to work on something that needs doing , let us not wait for the government to give us a grant , a handout or a memo on how to go about doing it .
she was six years old when I first met her on the beach near where I live . I drive to this beach , a distance of three or four miles , whenever the world begins to close in on me .
secondly , if an investor has excess cash which he intends to use at a later date , it may be advisable to invest his excess cash in less volatile instruments to preserve his savings as well as enhance his returns .
registered goods vehicles numbered 134 861 by the end of the year , 0.33per cent more than the 134 419 in 1996 . of these , 91 823 were light goods vehicles , a decrease of 1.16 per cent from 1996 .
one  year CDs have fallen from 5.5 percent to just a little over 2.2 percent in the past 12 months . to climb out of this low interest rate hole , financial planners suggest a strategy called &quot; laddering . &quot;
older quarters continued to be upgraded under a programme to refurbish some 4500 married quarters for junior Police Officers . since the introduction of the scheme in 1987 , 1874 quarters have been refurbished , significantly improving structural conditions and standards .
of course the installment of UN peacekeepers to prevent further violence is not always unwelcome . East Timor , Bosnia and Cambodia are grateful for the help in stopping the bloodshed . neither has each effort by the international body failed .
of course , tremendous manpower and resources are needed to attain the goal of a sporting nation . however , if everyone is convinced of the value of sports , we should work together as one to help achieve this aim .
now , if you are now ranked number one , what would be your goal or objective ? this is where I often get very interesting answers . typically , I would get the follo-wing answers from executives around the world :
not long ago , it was reported that a 70-year-old woman who brought some money with her to top up her Medishield account at a CPF branch office was turned down - for the simple reason that cash was not accepted .
no wonder , in a recent TV programme , Minister of State ow Chin hock asked whether anything had gone wrong in our education system and what had made our one-in-a-thousand elite so indifferent to their social obligations without feeling guilty .
monuments supposedly capture for time immemorial the glory of some achievement , the pride and sometimes pathos of some event , but these are actually past , and as I read somewhere , the &quot; past is a different country &quot; .
measures to further enhance the public &apos;s access to information were announced in 1994 . an administrative code of practice on access to government information , committing the government to even greater transparency in its work , was implemented in 1995 .
me ? I hope that the hanyu pinyin pilot scheme proves successful . it would have facilitated my entry into the beautiful and bountiful world of Chinese literature . now I am still an outsider , because of my biggest mistake .
like it or not , the &quot; moderate Muslims &quot; label is likely to stay because it is the easiest way for the world to tell Muslims apart from small minority of &quot; bad Muslims &quot; who stray from their religion .
life is meant to be lived after all , not just survived . as actor Peter Sellars of Pink Panther fame put it , &quot; Survival ? well it may be necessary , but it &apos;s not very damned interesting . &quot;
last but not least , one has full control and freedom over the matter . while one cannot choose one &apos;s birthplace , one can certainly decide , based on what one has experienced , the best place to settle in .
just as with the World Trade Centre attacks , many of the victims would have been Muslims . just as in the United States , Singaporeans have been able to understand that the terrorists were defaming Islam , not upholding it .
it was painful for the man when he realised what he had lost - the works could have fetched him a fortune . &quot; who is Xu Beihong ? where can I find him ? &quot; he kept asking the reporter .
it was commonly held that Singaporeans were not noted for their prowess in general knowledge and current affairs . this show has confirmed what many people had known beforehand , especially those who had watched the same show here and abroad .
it is true that discipline and order are essential to a gracious society , and strict rules are needed to ensure that people behave well . yet the best guarantee for civilised conduct lies rather in good habits of the population .
it is now wait-and-see if , say , 10 years down the road , more would choose alternative careers . hopefully , by then no one would think sportsmen or musicians as making too big a sacrifice in chasing their dreams .
it is doubtful that the literary genius of Shakespeare would have been so admired by the English-educated Singaporeans and other Asians if Britain had not been a leading colonial power and the Bard &apos;s works were not made compulsory examination subjects .
interest rates aside , the retail investor should pay heed to a more fundamental principle a-bout investing in bonds : it does not matter whether interest rates are high or low-bonds play an essential part in a person &apos;s investment portfolio .
installations such as explosives depots and chemical stores , and dangerous goods transport routes may pose a risk to nearby residents . Hong Kong has had no major disasters but global experience of large-scale accidents highlights the need for risk management .
in this latest experiment , microelectrodes implanted directly into the reward center of the rat &apos;s brain -- a region called the medial forebrain bundle -- were stimulated each time that rat made a move in the &quot; correct &quot; direction .
in the 17th and 18th centuries , Chinese art , architecture and philosophy were much admired in the West , and Chinese luxury goods like silks , teas and porcelain were in great demand and transformed their way of life drastically .
in recent years , financial markets have become increasingly polarised between growth and security . investors looking for a medium-to low-risk route to income in-vesting are increasingly turning to the corporate bond market as an alternative to equities and government bonds .
in fact , the activity per se doesn &apos;t matter , but the initiative to boost the students &apos; motivation does . the essence of education lies more in activating a desire in the educated to study on their own accord .
in a sense , I was torn between two identities . and I have to say , shamefaced as I am , being more proficient in English appealed to me more when the possibility of being effectively bilingual became almost non-existent .
if an arts-loving foreigner who lived here in the 1980s were to revisit Singapore today , he would be astonished by its increasingly vibrant artsscene . it was once labelled a cultural desert because of its dearth ofcultural and artistic activities .
however , the above problem has already been resolved , and Yugoslavia can now be disintegrated even further.To give legitimacy to its present cause , the US has transformed former &quot; terrorists &quot; into &quot; fighters for a just cause &quot; .
half a century ago , Japanese militarists and German fascists commited all kinds of atrocities in Asia and Europe . half a century later , the same tragedy was to occur in Indonesia , a country which was not at war .
global views also quoted The Economist which described Singapore as a city where everything is carefully measured . this is why while many Asian cities are in chaos , Singapore stands out as an irresistible land of peace for many people .
for those of you who are entering teaching , your role is indeed a pivotal one . you will not only be facilitators , coaches , and mentors . more than anything else , you will need to be exemplary role-models .
fifth , with the exception of Hong Kong , do not align It is better to manage your currencies against a trade-weighted basket of currencies , including the US dollar , the Euro , the Yen and other hard currencies ; and
even if a policy is truly in the interest of the majority and the government wants the people to embrace it , it should spell out clearly the rationale for the decision and why it has to go ahead with it .
easily absorb the essence of the cultural value system . but for the majority of the population , learning Chinese is just a matter of fulfilling curriculum requirements — their proficiency in Chinese is inadequate for true appreciation of Chinese culture .
companies can also install firewalls , which form a barrier between the internal network and the public internet . they should also check their computer records regularly to spot any abnormal activity , which might betray the presence of a hacker .
comets are conglomerations of ice , dust and rock from the early solar system , whose cores have remained physically and chemically unchanged ever since . they offer some of the best evidence available about the environment in which planets foitned .
can we add value to this immense pool of human resources to enable them to face challenges in the 21st century ? I believe that regular retraining programmes can help &quot; level up &quot; Singaporeans &apos; proficiency in Chinese and English .
by and large , parents hope their children would have a career in an established profession . for them to agree to their children persuing a career in sports may be unthinkable . the traditional mindset will certainly not change overnight .
but why should we cooperate internationally in the field of basic science ? the need for international cooperation is usually justified in terms of money , namely by the need of dividing the large investments required to build many large-scale facilities .
but even as I gripe about not being able to join the circles of local students , I must admit that I was initially reluctant to move into the university &apos;s six-to-a-room hostel . we can be so self-contradictory at times .
before the truth is established , like many Singaporeans , I accept the &quot; consequences &quot; of the plane having used the wrong runway , but have reservations about the &quot; causes &quot; that led the pilots to make the error .
at a time when the importance of racial harmony has been stressed repeatedly , such a publicised visit may seem rather contrived . however , the message behind it is loud and clear : promoting mutual understanding and enhancing social cohesiveness .
as Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong noted during a recent parliamentary debate , about 2,000 people are leaving the country for good every year . data from the Ministry of manpower show that about 150,000 Singaporeans are now living abroad indefinitely .
artists should also be part of our society and not ostracised from it . as Singaporeans who have been trained to be efficient and results oriented , we have unfortunately come to shun not only the arts but the artists themselves .
are Singaporeans so shy that they shun a conversation with a neighbour ? not really . if one person would greet another in the lift , at least the other would smile back , unless he has a heart of stone .
an overseas consultant was commissioned in 1997 to inspect all the declared monuments and to draw up a schedule of maintenance for the buildings . the consultancy tendered useful advice and recommendations to the Antiquities Authority on the maintenance of monuments .
all Legislative Council meetings are open to the public and are conducted in Cantonese , Putonghua or English with simultaneous interpretation provided . the proceedings of the meetings are recorded verbatim in the Official Record of Proceedings of the Legislative Council .
again , it was clear the campaign was intended to aim at the dialect-speaking Chinese , with the objective of replacing dialects with Mandarin as a common language among Chinese in such domains as coffee shops , hawker centres and shops .
after he left Nantah , Mr Pan did not use the name Pan Guoqu very often . as Pan Shou , he made his mark in the calligraphy circles , and achieved the honour of being a &quot; national treasure &quot; .
a halfway house is provided for adult and young female prisoners released under supervision from the training centre or under the Pre-release Employment Scheme . residents go to work or attend full-time school during the day and return in the evening .
a Chinese teaching assistant tried to maintain order by asking all to keep quiet . unfortunately , his Chinese-accented English had the students in stitches instead and some even made fun of his English . among them were some Chinese students .
Teddy &apos;s fourth grade teacher wrote , &quot; Teddy is withdrawn and doesn &apos;t show much interest in school . he doesn &apos;t have many friends and sometimes sleeps in class . he is tardy and could become a problem . &quot;
Ninety-four percent of men wish to change their image . a study found that a man &apos;s self-esteem is often directly connected with his outward appearance . thin and small men often regard themselves as punny and easily sink into depression .
Nicastro suggests that cats may have developed different kinds of calls to &quot; hook into human perception tendencies &quot; and alert us of their mood and needs . he points out the animals have certainly have time to adjust for people .
Liaison Bureau ( the former Interpol Bureau ) acts as a co-ordination centre in dealing with criminal information and associated inquiries between the Hong Kong Police Force and other police organisations . it also maintains close liaison with local consulate officials .
Lastly , we cannot run away from the fact that in order to attract science and technology talent , we must offer generous returns and good service so as to be able to compete with neighbours like Hong Kong and Taiwan .
Japanese researchers have developed a robot capable of recognizing human voices even in a noisy , crowded room and suited for use as a receptionist or a guide at a convention site , a Japanese major business daily said on Saturday .
January and February are cloudier , with occasional cold fronts followed by dry northerly winds . temperatures can drop below 10 degrees Celsius in urban areas but sub-zero temperatures and Frost usually occur on high ground and in the New Territories .
I am not sure what unmarried men think about marriage . but I have seen some young women who wasted much time before they realised that they were no longer young and that few eligible men were left in their circles .
Dandruff-This is thought to be triggered by hypersensitivity to a microscopic fungal yeast . we all have small quantities of this on our scalp and skin , but people with dandruff have up to 25 per cent more on their scalp .
DNA computing is a very young branch of science that started less than a decade ago , when Leonard Adleman of the University of Southern California pioneered the field by using DNA in a test tube to solve a mathematical problem .
Alfred Nobel was also very conscious of the importance of food , for he once wrote , &quot; I would rather take care of the stom achs of the living than the glory of the departed in the form of monuments .
3.Don &apos;t arrange to meet without seeing each other &apos;s photo beforehand . there &apos;s nothing worse than sitting at a rendezvous , like a pub or a coffee shop , waiting for your cyberdate without knowing what to look for .
2.Note how your nose and eyes feel . if sneezing is accompanied by itching , it &apos;s most likely an allergy , If you have a sore throat or runny nose , but no itching , it &apos;s probably an infection .
&quot; Flagstaff can &apos;t seem to attract industry . I guess we &apos;re really behind the times . the only smoke we get is when the Indians start signaling each other . but the wind seems to blow it away . &quot;
while we enjoy an enviable reputation for good racial relations , there is , unfortunately , not much spontaneous social interaction among the races outside of the work environment , despite that more public avenues now exist for them to do so .
what is immodesty in the Eastern ethics has thus become an advantage in reality . so there is some merit in the Western way — one can hardly survive , let alone thrive , without highlighting one &apos;s own achievements and potentials .
we have shown that it is possible to create a radioactivity characterized by the emission of positive or negative electrons in boron and magnesium , by bombardment with alpha rays . these artificial radio-elements behave in all respects like the natural radio-elements .
we are a practical society . we learn religiously what is useful ( defined by the amount of money and respect it brings us ) . as for what we &apos;re supposed to learn and know … well , that can wait .
to many , buying and using Japanese products are also a joy . the attractive packaging , eye-catching style , modern design and dazzling innovations are all manifestations of the ingenuity and perseverance of the Japanese in their pursuit of material comfort .
to kill oneself is just as forbidden as it is to commit murder . this is why suicide bombing is never justifiable . the Qur &apos;an states that taking one life unjustly is equivalent to taking the life of a whole people .
to equip them with the necessary language skills , Civil Service College should design intensive courses on CL for specific purposes , such as Chinese for science and technology , Chinese for business , Chinese for legal practice , and so on ..
this World Cup has been most exciting because of the Asian presence that can be felt . for the first time , the tournament was co-hosted by Japan and South Korea with both countries and China making it through the qualifying rounds .
there is no problem accepting ancestral piety as a Chinese custom , but insisting on Christmas as the time for this Chinese custom is something else . there is no questioning the sincerity of this family in trying to observe Chinese customs .
there is another surprising thing . on the moon things are not as heavy as they are on the earth . something that weights one kilogram on the earth would weigh only 166 grams on the moon . did you know that ?
there are engineering and science graduates among LianheZaobao journalists . &lt; s id = 2 &gt; If there were to be Chinese Studies electives available , NTU students pursuing inter-disciplinary courses would enjoy the benefit of having more choices to choose from .
then was English-stream schooling in ACS , during which Ifailed to establish rapport with our Chinese-language teacher . Lao Shi must have been a good teacher , because a number of my contemporaries became fluent in both spoken Mandarin and written Chinese .
the ubiquitous Al-Qaeda network in the form of Jemaah Islamiyah is on this tiny island as well , a plot to bomb American soldiers near Yishun MRT was uncovered by the Singapore authorities months after the September 11 attacks on US soil .
the toll-free Airport tunnel provides direct access from hung Hom to Hong Kong International Airport , and passes underneath the airport runway to Kowloon Bay . opened in 1982 , the 1.3-kilometre tunnel was used by 55 000 vehicles daily in 1997 .
the silence between our governments has ended . in the past 12 years , our people have become reacquainted . now our relationship is maturing -- and we are at the point where we can build the basis for a lasting friendship .
the remaking Singapore Committee is a brainchild of PM Goh Chok Tong , formed to make Singaporeans look beyond the 5 Cs : cash , condos , clubs , credit cards and cars , to help prepare the nation for the future .
the recent speech by Mr Lee Kuan Yew at Hong Kong Policy Research Institute grabbed the attention of our mass media and political circle with the Singapore leader &apos;s enlightening views on several issues affecting the present and future of Hong Kong .
the question is not if we can see Singaporean colours at 2010 but whether we can believe that a Singaporean World Cup team is possible . it is important that the people show support and share a belief in such a possibility .
the production of food by plants and animals ; digestion , which leads to the release of energy for work or leisure ; the growth of muscles , bones , or nerves -- these all involve the rearrangement of atoms in molecules .
the organised and serious Crimes ordinance , which was fully implemented in 1995 , continued to enhance the Force &apos;s drive against triads and organised crime . during 1997 , the special investigative powers were used in a number of major investigations .
the official languages of Hong Kong are Chinese and English . it is the Government &apos;s policy to develop and maintain a Civil Service that is proficient in both written Chinese and English and conversant in Cantonese , Putonghua and spoken English .
the many encounters I have had on occasions like this all confirm what we experienced during our st.ruggle : whenever the need or opportunity arises the peoples of the world reach out to one another in the name of a common humanity .
the live core feed of the handover and related events was distributed through RTHK &apos;s master control room in the PBC to the various broadcasters in the centre and uplinked to satellite ( Intelsat and Asia sat 2 ) for global reception .
the idea of the sub-committee on &quot; enhancing the athletes &apos; Support Infrastructure &quot; , is to provide accommodation to allow gifted athletes to study and train under one roof , thus saving them the time that would be wasted on travelling .
the frustrations and unhappiness of some artists , especially performing artists , are understandable . they are concerned and hold unique views about the future of the nation . they have something to say , yet often feel the channels are lacking .
the financing is done by voluntary contribution , as grants from about 30 countries . it is indeed with pleasure that we heard that recently the United States of America has decided to resume their contributions , suspended for a few years .
the department formulates and enforces fire safety policies and regulations . it also assists and advises the public on fire protection measures and the abatement of fire hazards . the Fire Protection Command places great emphasis on public education on fire prevention .
the code sets out the types of government information to which the public has access . it also lists categories of exemptions to ensure appropriate confidentiality of sensitive information held by the government , and information involving personal privacy and commercial sensitivity .
the age of the robotic rodent is upon us . a study has shown the movements of a live rat can be controlled by using a laptop computer , a radio and a set of microelectrodes implanted into the animal &apos;s brain .
the Philippines has always been proud of itself as one of the most democratic countries in Asia . unfortunately , its democracy exists in name and not reality and has led the country down the slippery road of political and economic chaos .
the Observatory produces an annual tide table for Hong Kong . it also provides assessments of the probabilities of occurrence of extreme stormsurges and waves and its advice on Oceanographic matters is often sought by other government departments and the engineering community .
suppose Mr Tan finally decides to close out his position on 31 August at a price of 165.2 points . after deducting his final day &apos;s loss of $ 960 , he can withdraw the $ 4,280 left in his margin account .
sufficient information was contained in 2213 of the corruption reports received for investigation to commence . the department &apos;s caseload was 1174 at the end of the year . in 1997 , 314 persons were prosecuted and 59 cautioned for minor offences .
some jumped for joy for what they called &quot; a belated spring &quot; ; others worried that the corner would turn out a mere matter of form ; and still others suggested that it should be handled in the spirit of laissez-faire .
so it is not a society which is becoming more and more segregated , it is a society which is actually becoming more and more unified . but , yet , in the unity we want to preserve some of the strengths .
so , many good Chinese students do not go into SAP schools but we want some of them to , because we think there is something valuable in the tradition of the SAP schools which we should try our best to preserve .
similar foimations on the Columbia River suggest there may have been as many as 100 floods . Waif estimates that about 25 of them were on a Noachian scale , though some other investigators think only a handful were in that class .
several organisations represent and cater for people working in the news media in Hong Kong . the newspaper Society of Hong Kong represents Chinese and English newspaper proprietors . it is empowered to act in matters affecting the interests of its members .
road passenger transport accounted for two-thirds of all public transport journeys . more than half of public transport journeys made by road were on franchised buses , and the remainder on green minibuses , public light buses , taxis and non-franchised buses .
rather than spending our energy condemning the black sheep among the scholars , we might as well take some time and reflect on what exactly has gone wrong in the upbringing of our elite — and what can be done about it .
rather than saying that reporters are &quot; uncrowned kings &quot; , I think we are more like acrobats who walk the tightrope - balancing the distinctive needs of a diversity of communities and the different aspirations of the conservatives and the liberals .
other services included support groups for officers and their family members and stress management training to new recruits . a recent , successful project was the provision of conflict management training to officers to enhance their efficacy in handling potential conflict situations .
of the wide and broad world out there , it may seem , what they do need is the tiny piece of sky above their homes , where they live a cozy life.If so , travelling can hardly help broaden their vision .
new private car registrations rose 93.31 per cent , from 22 203 in 1996 to 43 054 in 1997 . this brought the number of licensed private cars to 314 833 , an increase of 7.31 per cent over the past year .
nevertheless , radioactivity remained a property exclusively associated with some thirty substances existing naturally . the artificial creation of radio-elements opens a new field to the science of radioactivity and so provides an extension of the work of Pierre and Marie Curie .
nevertheless , her company &apos;s stand is to recruit the most suitable candidate-not the person who is willing to work at the lowest pay-for the job . so , even though she empathised with the candidates , she had to reject them .
my optimism is buttressed by the experiences shown by the Chinese communities overseas , be it Yokohama , New York or London , where the New Year spirit is still very much alive , notwithstanding their entirely different social and cultural environments .
maybe they were looking forward to a day of rest . or have they taken the significance of National Day for granted ? are they &quot; bored &quot; because they have been to the parade and seen it umpteen times on TV ?
many say that with globalisation , the American style is the way to go . even if this is the case , the question is : should we follow in the footsteps of the media during Roosevelt &apos;s time or Clinton &apos;s ?
languages are excellent transmitters of concepts and ideas . but for the transmission of values , children depend mostly on their parents and family . nevertheless , there is the possibility that acquiring knowledge through one &apos;s native tongue may boost self-confidence .
ladies and gentlemen : I have used this opportunity to raise some of the challenges we face as we enter the new millennium . such difficulties remind us that many of the hopes of fifty years ago are still to be realized .
it &apos;s also risky , as Lattanzi found out when he sliced open a finger . he examined the wounded at a depth where no red is visible and found it &quot; strange &quot; to see himself &quot; bleeding green blood . &quot;
in mid-1980s , Hong Kong embarked on a process of opening-up in its political system . policies on education were no longer made by the government alone . the public were consulted with , and practising educationists became more involved in decision-making .
in colonial Singapore , it was easier for the English-educated to secure lucrative jobs . hence , many them became top civil servants . Chinese-educated Singaporeans , on the other hand , were under pressure to survive and so became successful businessmen .
in an exclusive interview with a Lianhe Zaobao reporter on August 6 , the day he officially declared his intention to run for the elected Presidency , he said : &quot; it &apos;s not easy for many people to know you . &quot;
in a sense , Singaporeans still cherish the myth that Western products are better because they are more pricey . yet we should not upgrade the belief to such a level that it governs how we think and treat our fellow creatures .
in Islam , Muslims are asked to assess their daily realities and environment before making certain religious decisions . for instance , a Muslim minority is allowed to take a different position from a Muslim who is a majority in his country .
if one were to ask this type of questions to an official in Beijing , one is likely to get the answer , &quot; There is only one China . &quot; I suspect that one would get the same answer in Taiwan .
have you noticed that no one praises Singaporeans ? when was the last time you heard someone say that Singaporeans are a friendly lot , people who make strangers in their land feel even more at home than where they came from ?
have you ever wondered what foreigners think of us ? you should , especially if you &apos;re kiasu , since you &apos;d want to know the praises people sing of us . excuse me , but I hate to burst your bubble .
geographical constituency elections are held on the basis of universal suffrage . all eligible persons aged 18 or above have the right to be registered as electors and to vote in the elections . there are currently about three million registered electors .
forget about transport hikes , CPF cuts , ERP and GST raises . there is so much more in store , greater things to see , new heights to reach , new depths to hollow . now is the time to dream .
first , in a globalised and knowledge-based economy , Singaporeans are inevitably affected by new trends and materialism . under such circumstances , if we seek success blindly , we may end up drifting with the tide in a borderless global village .
contrary to popular belief , most good leaders are made , not born . they hone their skills in their everyday lives . but which do they cultivate ? how do they ( and how can you ) get others to follow ?
colour television is realty a wonder . without the use of colour for closed-circuit work there would not be such excellent demonstrations of operations and classroom instruction in medical schools and monitoring of certain industrial processes in factories as we have today .
by the end of 1997 , there were 687 Vietnamese migrants and 1213 refugees in the HKSAR . the government is committed to repatriating all the migrants as soon as possible , thus bringing this saga to an early and humane conclusion .
by the 90s , the tendency of the young to rebel against authority had been weakened . they now take the lead only in the worship of a secular or material culture , displaying a superficial gloss devoid of any real value .
be competent . Knowlege is power , the saying goes , and the best leaders know that their savvy and proficiency are part of their charisma . competence galvanizes people , and will make them look to you for guidance and direction .
as an illustration , when some of us were appointed to government committees some years ago , we were required to furnish our educational credentials , including subjects and grades from O-level onwards , as though we were applying for government jobs !
as a small country with only human resources to depend on , our sense of urgency in equipping our people with the know-how and skills to make progress is understandable . the question is : are we doing it the right way ?
are we mentally prepared for sudden and tragic incidents ? are we setting increasingly high standards for &quot; peace , efficiency and safety &quot; so much so that we do not pay attention to the possible emergence of &quot; impossible situations &quot; ?
and the most important knowledge here is &quot; tactic &quot; - to have the ability to recognise what is relevant and to be able to deliver it effectively for positive results . language and gender therefore , should not create any barriers .
and the mainstay of the system has been the teachers . it is the teachers who have delivered . they are the ones who have demonstrated the resilience , the adaptability , flexibility and the commitment to ensure that the system works .
after a period of time , the operation of the lever was taken over by a mechanical arm and each rat quickly learnt that the mere thought of using its limbs to operate the lever stifi resulted in access to the food .
added scholar Zhu Xueqin : &quot; scholars who seek only answers for the past are , well , just scholars , only scholars who insist on seeking answers for the here and now are truly scholars with a sense of humanity . &quot;
according to the &quot; Modern Chinese Dictionary &quot; , the word elite ( jingying ) is defined as people who stand out from their peers . being outstanding people , learning another or even two other languages should not be a problem .
a reader who was moving house found some calligraphy and paintings of horses and birds in an old wooden crate while clearing up stuff belonging to his late grandfather . as he could not understand Chinese , he called Zaobao for help .
a central theme of the Joint Declaration and the Basic Law is one of continuity . common law principles , and nearly all the 600-odd ordinances that were in force before July 1 , 1997 , continue to apply in the HKSAR .
Sir Isaac Newton , the great scientist of the seventeenth century , first studied gravitation . when he was a boy , he often saw apples falling to the ground . he wondered why they did not fly up into the sky .
Singaporean Muslims have long been tolerant and moderate . so , terrorism or extremism will find few or no supporters . but leaders will need to be vigilant of the &quot; strayers &quot; or deviants who operate at the fringes of society .
September was cooler than normal and the mean temperature of 26.4 degrees was the eighth-lowest for the month . with no tropical cyclones in Hong Kong &apos;s vicinity , the monthly mean pressure reached 1012.1hetopascals , the highest on record for September .
Q : in your &apos; Foreign Affairs &apos; article , you argued that Asia &apos;s growth could be basically explained by high rates of investment . but how did that growth manage to be sustained for so long --close on 30 years ?
Prof tu &apos;s words are worthy of reflection . otherwise , if creative education becomes successful , it may merely result in a society with people who lack compassion and care for others . that will only bring about more social problems .
Muslims unite in their obeisance to Allah but it was unfortunate that for centuries , political as well as cultural and ethnic conflicts were seen along religious lines . any political entity would invoke religious solidarity to muster its strength in numbers .
I wanted to practise my Mandarin . but somehow , I kept gravitating towards the English-speaking because I felt I could &quot; click &quot; better with them . the Chinese-educated were , well , too ..... cheenah , we used to say .
I hope everyone would take this opportunity and , together with the emergence of a Chinese elite , tend to the &quot; Chinese literary arena &quot; plot within our &quot; cultural garden &quot; , so that this plot will bloom and prosper .
&quot; we were also able to guide rats in systematically exploring large , collapsed piles of concrete rubble , and to direct them through environments that they would normally avoid , such as brightly lit , open areas , &quot; they say .
&quot; these women have glamorous lifestyles . they work hard , earn good money and go out more . &quot; surveys show women recover faster than men from divorce.They suffer less depression and feel elated that they have been able to escape .
&quot; rotation of ruling parties is normal in democracy , &quot; said Lee Yuan-tseh , President of academia Sinica , Taiwan . but I believe that , in reality , the essence of democracy lies in the check and balance of power .
with the suggested special classes , sports talent will be recruited internationally , and subsidies will be given out according to the young trainees &apos; performance and potentialities . this will be a more viable system than the current practice of indiscriminate subsidies .
with the aim of providing regular training opportunities and frequent competition to those interested in sport , the Community Sports Clubs Programme had by this year established 61 clubs in 14 sports and had attracted some 3000 people to enrol in the clubs .
while responding to PM Goh &apos;s call to learn the Chinese language , we must also realise the importance of Malay . who knows , Malaysia and Indonesia may one day also offer much-sought-after economic opportunities similar to those now present in China .
while I am not against private tuition per se , over dependence on it , unfortunately , has exerted undue pressure and stress on our young , who are always exhorted to deliver results and to live up to their parents &apos;high expectations .
whatever one says and the reasons for it , it is easy to detect the affection for , and a sense of identification with , the place mentioned . the feeling is neither ethnic nor national identification , but a sense of belonging .
we have interpreted in the same way the production of radioactive elements in boron and magnesium in the first an unstable nitrogen with a half life of 11 minutes is produced , and in the second , unstable isotopes of silicon and aluminum .
two subcommittees have been set up under the Finance Committee . they are the establishment subcommittee and the Public Works subcommittee , both of which also conduct meetings in public . their respective memberships are open to all members of the Finance Committee .
traffic officers played a major role in the year &apos;s large-scale public events.The handover ceremony and the WB / IMF Annual Meetings necessitated major diversionary traffic schemes and full deployment of the Force escort Group as well as regional enforcement and control teams .
to enhance the security protection and access control of airport restricted areas , an integrated access control system was commissioned in September . also , a mobile Command Unit was provided in the same month for use in the event of airport emergencies .
to begin with , their interests are taken care of by a cabinet minister and they are proportionally represented in parliament . to top it off , the Malays are specifically guaranteed all these by the powerful Article 152 in the Singapore Constitution .
tiny shells spangle the profile of a young Roman woman of the second century A.D. She may be Faustina , wife of the emperor and stoic philosopher Marcus Aurelius , according to Angela Marinazzo , director of the Provincial Archaeological Museum in Brindisi .
this teacher had often criticised the class for not speaking up , that the students were just like vegetables that had life but no intellect . the students , prompted by a whim , had decided on such a Teachers &apos; Day gift .
this is a letter from your grandfather to all of his grandchildren . the ones who are old enough to read are getting it direct . I &apos;m sending it to the parents of the ones who are not old enough to read .
this development serves as an opportunity for the literati here . the government has already done its best to create a conducive environment with favourable policies . I believe it is now up to the literary and educational circles to tend the garden .
these people are now mostly in the US . they can be considered the pioneers . as this trend continues to develop , people from other places would join in . perhaps this would become the major religious trend in the next century .
these have not found favour with most non Western nations . for example , the US-initiated annual UN resolution condemning China for its human rights record has been rejected repeatedly by the majority of the member countries , including some from the West .
there aren &apos;t any hard and fast rules that will work in all dating relationship situations , but experts say that if you follow these simple guidelines , you can update your game plan and avoid some of the latest tricks and traps .
the term &quot; moderate Muslim &quot; is also used in the United States to indicate support for the American foreign policy . the use of the label to further certain agendas has made many Muslims , including Singaporean Muslims , suspicious of it .
the successful candidates should be assigned to various constituencies . they will learn more about the situation there by working among the local people so as to prepare for the next election campaign and , once elected , to serve the voters well .
the scope and function of Zongpu is wider than the mere devising of tables of descent of its clan members . it aims to glorify and to instil pride in their ancestors and to exhort the future generations to emulate their illustrious forebears .
the programmes to commission the second mobile casualty Treatment Centre to strengthen the ability of the Fire Services Department to handle multiple casualty incidents and to equip all ambulances with automatic external defibrillators reached a final stage and will be completed in early1998 .
the price is rightEver notice how many items are priced at ＄ 10.99 , ＄ 15.99 and ＄ 20.99 ? nine is the most popular digit on products because , according to researchers , it makes people feel they &apos;re getting a bargain .
the present rule is : preference in admission is given to children whose elder siblings are current students , or whose parents are alumni , members of the advisory board or management committee , or otherwise directly connected with the school in question .
the nearest translation of the English word would mean , roughly of course , &quot; radical &quot; or &quot; offensive &quot; to the Chinese mind . it could also be construed as a term describing the way a bold and enterprising person acts .
the more the sicentists examine the atoms , the more mysteries are uncovered . today , besides the electrons , protons and neutrons , many more particles have been discovered . they are still asking the question : what is matter made of ?
the indicator that reflects the domestic demand is the non-oil imports . it fell 19.3 % in July , the fifth month in a row . on a three-month trend basis , the decline is accelerating , reflecting extreme weakness in domestic consumption .
the government is committed to improving the quality of life in rural areas and to terminating or relocating land uses which pollute the rural environment . village sewage improvement schemes have also been carried out in the rural areas of the New Territories .
the first Chief Executive of the HKSAR , Mr Tung Chee Hwa , was elected by a Selection Committee comprising 400 members from various sectors in the community . Mr Tung assumed office on July 1 , 1997 , for a five-year term .
the financial turbulence in Asia , however , has made its formidable impact felt in our economy . while spared the more destructive blows , we had to readjust our policies and re-scheduled development programmes to suit the changed situation in the region .
the department advised 205 private sector organisations in 1997.Typically the problem areas were related to purchasing , stock control and wage administration . in June , a telephone hotline was set up for members of the public to obtain immediate corruption prevention advice .
the Magistrates &apos; Courts process about 90 per cent of the cases in Hong Kong annually . led by the Chief magistrate , the team consists of eight principal Magistrates , 61 Permanent Magistrates and 11 Special Magistrates sitting in nine different locations .
the LRT provides free transfer from one route to another within the same fare zone and with connecting feeder buses . a new fare structure was introduced in September 1997 following the launch of the smart card octopus by major public transport companies .
the IPCC is an independent committee whose members are appointed by the Chief Executive . it comprises a chairman , three vice-chairmen and not fewer than eight other members , with the ombudsman , or his representative , serving as an ex-officio member .
the HKTA also sought to boost Hong Kong &apos;s reputation as the Events Capital of Asia through the overseas promotion of international events , which included the Rugby World Cup Sevens , the Hong Kong Arts Festival and the International Cricket Sixes tournament .
the Complaints and Internal Investigations branch comprises the Complaints Against Police Office and the Internal Investigations Office . the branch investigates complaints against Police officers , including civilian staff and auxiliary Police officers , investigates serious disciplinary cases and conducts supervisory accountability studies .
the Commissioner of Police , through the Police licensing Office , is the licensing Authority for various licences and permits . as the societies Officer , he is also responsible for the registration / exemption from registration of the establishment of local societies .
telephone hotlines and the Crime Information Forms continue to be useful conduits through which the public channel information to the Police . in 1997 , 45375 calls and 1737 completed forms were received.These sources of information have led to positive results and arrests .
talks about innovation have long been commonplace among technology professionals in the US , but they just form a slice of American society . it is in the past few years that new economy has made the spirit of innovation a mainstream virtue .
such a development creates a huge impact on Catholicism and Protestantism in the West , because this is in conflict with the doctrine that &quot; man is created by God &quot; . they would have to make some adjustments or provide some explanations .
stressing the importance of passing on our culture to the younger generations in an abstract sense is not enough . there must be concrete measures to see that it is done . otherwise , the result is almost certainly &quot; cultural dislocation &quot; .
so , how do we deal with the threat of terrorism ? the key to this is to forge stronger , common bonds as Singaporeans while respecting each other &apos;s religious faiths , beliefs and cultures at a more than skin deep level .
smart bombs . the body &apos;s immune system normally produces antibodies to help fight infection . now similar antibodies , called monoclonal antibodies , can be made in the laboratory and used in a variety of ways to attack cancer with greater accuracy .
since its inception , the Nobel Prize for literature has successfully promoted the exchange and development of literary works worldwide . however , in view of its criteria for nomination , many truly outstanding and excellent pieces of literary works fail to qualify .
recruitment at Constable rank remained satisfactory with 792 recruits taken on strength out of a total of 7 930 applicants . satisfactory recruitment saw the strength of the Force remain healthy and strong at 27 588 disciplined officers and 5 926 civilian staff .
rather , we should have a clear idea of where the problem lies . we have neglected — or refused to face — a flaw in our otherwise perfect growth , which has arisen from imbalance of policies or readjustments carried too far .
over the years , local arts and artists have made a deeper impression in the international arenas and gained rapid recognition . unfortunately , the confidence that we have developed gradually in our arts often suffers serious setbacks in the annual Arts Festival .
our country values a strong administrative background in a school principal . the head of an educational institution must be an excellent administrator , but may not have a clear idea of education or the drive for bold moves beyond the set rules .
other activities organised during the year included a one-day seminar held in Bangkok in June to explain to the Thai audience Hong Kong &apos;s post-handover arrangements , and another seminar in Manila in November to update the Philippines business community about Hong Kong .
of late , the question of what makes a Singaporean has sparked off a whole slew of discussions . Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong has recently suggested that the Singaporean is kiasu , kiasee , and if he is a man , kiabo .
now you may ask : if philosophy can be that evil , why should one study it ? particularly , why should one study the philosophical theories which are blatantly false , make no sense , and bear no relation to real life ?
nevertheless , I find it gratifying that the Singaporean character has undergone a tremendously positive transformation compared with just two decades ago. we are now more courteous , more compassionate and more civic minded than ever before . what have brought this about ?
my topic assumes that East Asia will recover from the present economic crisis . the first question I will address is : &quot; will Asia recover ? &quot; I believe that Asia will recover . I do so for the following three reasons .
mastery of a language should not be a measure of one &apos;s social status . the purpose of knowing more languages is not to show off the advantages one enjoys over others , but to use the languages to serve the people well .
many regional and international broadcasters have chosen Hong Kong as their Asian broadcasting hub , attracted by the excellent infrastructure and world-class telecommunications facilities , as well as the other ingredients that make Hong Kong the best place to do business in Asia .
many regional and international broadcasters have chosen Hong Kong as their Asian broadcasting hub , attracted by the excellent infrastructure and world-class telecommunications facilities , as well as the other ingredients that make Hong Kong the best place to do business in Asia .
looking ahead , the prime hope is for a civil society to evolve gradually and for the society to develop and manifest its ability to adapt and heal itself . this may help prevent the present worsening situation from getting out of control .
it is therefore my task to present to you radium in particular as a new chemical element , and to leave aside the description of the many radioactive phenomena which have already been described in the Nobel lectures of H.Becquerel , P.Curie and E.Rutherford.
it is futile to advocate ethnic harmony when each group shuts the other out from its inner world . this will create faultlines that are not immediately apparent , but will decide the fate of our nation when it comes to the crunch .
it is a primary responsibility of society to put the scientific community in the most effective conditions to produce new knowledge , which is absolutely essential to the progress of mankind . and today this relies inevitably on increasingly orgariized international scientific cooperation .
interpreters and translation are necessary . most multi-national companies recognise that to have successful negotiations , they have to put in that extra effort to ensure that they have taken into account the unique &quot; cultural aspects &quot; of the local business etiquette .
indeed , to say that the Japanese lack courage is being rather polite and generous . they are many instances to show that for Japanese leaders , it is not just a question of courage - even their sincerity and conscience are suspect .
in science , one makes much more progress out of a single innovative idea than the steady effort of hundreds of more conventional research scientists -- which , by the way , is also necessary , although not sufficient for the fastest progress .
in fact , the way public opinion changes in Taiwan is no more dramatic than that in other countries . to begin with , every society desires a peaceful and constructive political , economic and social environment where people can survive and thrive .
in conventional animal training , a morsel of food can be used as a reward . in laboratory tests going back 40 years scientists have shown that direct electrical stimulation of the brain &apos;s pleasure centers is just as good or even better .
in contrast , their equivalents in Malay have two or three syllables , like sa-tu , du-a , ti-ga , em-pat , li-ma , e-nam , tu-juh , la-pan , sem-bi-lan , se-pu-luh . it takes a longer time to pronounce these words .
in a nutshell , the different races can communicate with and understand one another . the main reason for this splendid situation is that their schools , apart from teaching their individual mother tongues , also teach a second or a third language .
in a country that has striven so hard to promote the use of Mandarin as a common language of the different Chinese dialect groups , should we keep Singlish out of Mandarin conversations ? I feel that it largely depends on the situation .
in 1924 , I went to work for Herbert Bigelow . working hard , I received regular promotions . nine years later I was general of the firm . when Herbert Bigelow died in 1933 , I was chosen president of the company .
however , the culture that babysits economic excellence is deeply ingrained and so are the mindsets of many parents . but parents can take the cue from the remaking Singapore Committee and be aware of giving their children the right kind of education .
here we have a perfect education system , which provides a regular environment for normal growth . yet our practices , on the whole , still encourage excellence and fulfillment of potentials while neglecting the balance between intelligence and character in the educated .
here in China , the number of Internet users has nearly doubled since just last October , to more than 1 million users . and I &apos;ve seen statistics that say your Internet population will exceed 7 million people by the year 2001 .
floods and droughts associated with global climate change could undermine health in other ways as well . they could damage crops and make them vulnerable to infection and infestations by pests and weeds , thereby reducing food supplies and potentially contributing to malnutrition .
experiences also show that excellent pieces of literature normally have to undergo the test of time before their true value can be appreciated . but , incidentally , most of the winners of the Nobel Prize in literature do not fit this bill .
everyone has his or her own characteristics , but society also has an overall characteristic , which represents the common awareness , behaviour and views of the majority of the population . there will be some exceptions but these are in the minority .
every year , without fail , she will stay glued to the goggle-box at that very moment and comment on how so-and-so from the Cabinet looks well despite reported illness , or how Mr X has shockingly grown a head of white hair .
entertainment in Singapore seems less than impressive . some China nationals who have long resided and worked here feel &quot; lonely &quot; , partly for lack of friends &apos; company — they say — and partly because not much cultural pastime is available .
during the year-end school holidays last year , Friday Weekly and the National Library Board organised an activity &quot; in search of the profile of a reader &quot; . its reporters went to the libraries on six Saturdays to interview young book borrowers .
during my recent three-week stay in Switzerland , I visited the German- , French- and Italian-speaking districts of the country . there , I came into constant contact with the Swiss people and I spoke with them . I arrived at several conclusions .
clean air is important to good health . if the air contains impurities , they may be absorbed by our bodies and make us ill . we need clean air , but unfortunately , air pollution is generally present , especially in cities .
but the differences between communities will not disappear , not even within the Chinese population.Hence , whilst we promote the language and culture of each group , we should not forget that this must be done within the wider canvas of Singapore nationalism .
besides knowing how to &quot; hitch a ride &quot; from China , we need to be more knowledgeable than what we are now about the roaring economy - we need to know both where the juggernaut comes from and where it is heading .
as for the boat itself , no conclusive remains have been uncovered . items found nearby a lead -- used for depth sounding , a ring for aftaching sails to a mast , and copper nails -- could have belonged to other ships .
a strong sense of nationhood and mutual tolerance and respect between the different races are the reasons why Switzerland has been able to maintain the harmonious and peaceful co-existence between its difference races . multi-racial and multi-lingual Singapore can certainly learn from this .
a friend of mine told me he had planned to emigrate likemost of his brothers , but his mother threatened to jump to her death from a tall building if he insisted . at last the son had to give up the idea .
Mr Lignell said 2m - 500 notes had been printed in Finland , but only 100,000 of them were so far in circulation . the Bank of Finland had the rest . other eurozone central banks have printed nearly 370m  500 notes .
Lastly , China &apos;s policy of not renouncing the use of force to resolve the Taiwan issue serves as a great deterrence . this is why Chen has come up with a &quot; new middle-road &quot; policy that stresses &quot; national security &quot; .
I was honored indeed in 1992 by your award to me of an honorary degree . it is an exceptional , and indeed unique , privilege to be invited today as an honorary alumnus to address members of this distinguished institution of learning .
Hong Kong is an associate member of the International Maritime Organisation ( IMO ) and since July 1 , 1997 , it is officially known as &apos; Hong Kong , China &apos; in its participation in IMO activities and other international maritime forums .
HKTC &apos;s local telephone charges are regulated by a price-capping mechanism which limits any annual increase to four per cent below the prevailing rate of inflation . this will be reviewed in 1998 ; there is no price control on the new operators .
Fourthly , the simple pass-fail basis on which some students are permitted to take Chinese needs to be reviewed.It is fair to say that those students who are constantly struggling with the Chinese language will probably never acquire full competence in the language .
East Asia is also the home of some of the world &apos;s oldest and richest civilizations . therefore , East Asia has the potential to challenge Western domination in the economic , cultural , intellectual and moral spheres , in the 21st Century .
4.Avoid mixed drinks that use two kinds of liquor , such as martinis and Manhattans . they are stronger and will get you drunk faster . choose a drink that is mixed with a nonalcoholic beverage such as orange juice or club soda .
1 . an environment for creative thinking has to be cultivated . we have to first allow freedom as it is the source of creative thinking . a person can only develop his potentials to the fullest and demonstrate creativity without unnecessary intervention .
( the Chinese original was published in Global View Monthly.The author is founder of the monthly and of Common Wealth , another monthly in Taiwan . he is also professor of economics at University of Wisconsin , US . translated by Allen Zhuang )
&quot; why should I learn Chinese ? &quot; protested a primary schoolboy . &quot; my Dad and Mum don &apos;t know it at all , but they still make lots of money ! &quot; what a great influence money has on language learning !
&quot; so , &quot; the Dayan advised , &quot; get into your carriage and go to your father-in-law &apos;s house and call your wife to return home to you . she &apos;s not divorced and she &apos;s not banished from your house . &quot;
&quot; she is my favorite , &quot; says Marinazzo . &quot; we had been working late washing the pieces as they were coming in . someone said all we &apos;re missing is a young girl . the next day Faustina showed up . &quot;
&quot; Ratbot &quot; , as the creature has been named , could one day be used to rescue earthquake victims buried under rubble , seek out land mines or even , with the help of miniature video cameras , spy inside secret installations .
yet the problem will remain that one cannot clear our society of such pervasive selfish ways and calculations even if the scholarship system is revised . the revision , if anything , can only exclude some talented young people from the recipients &apos; list .
with the setting up of the proposed School of Chinese Studies , we would be able to gather the finances and manpower of the Chinese community , so as to deal with these issues comprehensively on a higher level , and with better resources .
who are these Americans and why do they take to Feng shui like fish to water ? they represent a good cross-section of the public , ranging from intellectuals , business tycoons , professional people , Hollywood celebrities to housewives , retirees and students .
while the Chinese clan associations and the Government have done much to stir up more awareness of it as an essential part of Chinese Singaporeans &apos; heritage , it is the individual family that will ultimately determine whether its intrinsic values are worth preserving .
what does this mean ? it means cramming does not work . even if we are exposed to a wealth of knowledge , we will be overloaded and not be able to digest it . soon , the information will just go to waste .
we have established economic benefit as the top criterion . to recruit talented youth , we promise them benefits and advantages , rather than appeal to their sense of moral obligations . given such incentives , can our elite become anything but self-centred careerists ?
we are a small nation and cannot expect hordes of Chinese researchers here . but I would expect interest at least on Sino-Singapore ties and this is one area I find Chinese academics need to do a lot more to gain a comprehensive understanding .
true , social changes bred of ever faster flows of information and advances in technology are irresistible today , but they do not always translate into wealth or success overnight . steady and sure progress will still be the mainstream in the future growth .
to help farmers dispose of their livestock waste properly , a door-to-door livestock waste collection service commenced in July 1996 . a monthly average of 1530 tonnes of livestock waste was collected during the year and sent to sha Ling Composting Plant for composting .
to conclude : a strong and independent China contributes to the peace and stability of the Pacific Region . our developing relationship is and will be based on our common interests . and the active improvement in our overall relations will advance that end .
to arouse public awareness of the value of sport and physical recreation , the Provisional Urban Council ( PUC ) organised 9249 grassroots training and recreation programmes for 648465 participants of all ages and abilities at a cost of $ 39.23 million in 1997 .
this is an abridged version of an article published in Taiwan &apos;s &quot; The journalist &quot; , a weekly news magazine . in the article , the writer laments that the American media has become a political tool that assists the expansion of terrorism .
there is a trade-off , of course . it is not the same learning about other cultures vicariously as it is having a class of mixed students — Malays , Chinese , Indians , Eurasians , all together — having to accommodate one another .
then , if they do badly in Chinese for O-Level examinations , they will have difficulty getting into good junior colleges . they also have to pass it in A-Level examinations , which is a must if they aspire to study in NUSor NTU .
the sun lights half the earth at a time . it is day on the lighted side . it is night on the dark side of the earth . almost every part of the earth turns from day to night during every 24 hours .
the reunion dinner , eaten on New Year &apos;s Eve , was de rigueur , with members of the extended family gathering for the most significant meal of the year . even the absentee members would endeavour to return home in time for it .
the estimated number of emigrants increased from an average of 20 000 a year in the early 1980s to about 60 000 a year in the early 1990s . it was estimated that 40300 and 30900 people emigrated in 1996 and 1997 , respectively .
the efficiency Unit reports directly to the Chief Secretary for Administration and is tasked with pursuing the Government &apos;s commitment to transforming the management and delivery of public services so that the community &apos;s needs are met in the most effective and efficient manner .
the economy has gotten the better of your department . view your business the way management does.Look at the revenue breakdowns in the company &apos;s quarterly financial statement.If your division &apos;s profit outlook is bleak , so may be your future with the company .
the changes the Government has introduced will provide the necessary flexibility and capability to allow the Civil Service to respond quickly to community needs ; to provide a more motivating and positive work environment ; and to further a performance-based , service-oriented management culture .
the boat also signifies the eventful &quot; journey &quot; that many of us have embarked upon with our children in our hands and with hope in our hearts . each of us will have a unique story to tell our children about Chek Jawa .
the board has again been active in securing funds from the commercial sector in support of development programmes organised by the NSAs.Since the inception of the Sports sponsorship Advisory Service in 1991 , it has generated more than $ 74 million in sponsorship support .
the bird went glissading down the beach . &quot; good  bye , joy , &quot; I muttered to myself , &quot; hello , pain , &quot; and turned to walk on . I was depressed ; my life seemed completely out of balance .
the acquisition gives the MCA control over Malaysia &apos;s second- and third- largest Chinese-language dailies - the 55-year-old China Press and the 78-year-old Nanyang Siang Pau - and is seen by many as a move to &quot; kill three birds with one stone &quot; .
the Provisional Urban Council provides and manages sports and recreational facilities . currently , there are 41 indoor games halls , 16swimming pool complexes , 136 tennis courts , 185 squash courts and nine sports grounds under the management and operation of the council .
the Office of The ombudsman is an independent statutory authority , set up in 1989 , operating in accordance with The ombudsman ordinance . it provides an avenue for reports and investigation of grievances arising from administrative decisions , acts , recommendations or omissions .
the Chinese have always had a good impression of Singapore and held the republic in high regard - ever since the late paramount leader Deng Xiaoping proposed the idea of learning from Singapore &apos;s experience during his whirlwind tour of south China in 1992 .
the Administration has issued guidelines to tighten rules on the award of increments and reinforce the application of Civil Service regulations on stoppages and deferrals of increments for officers with sub-standard performance at work . they came into effect on October 1 , 2000 .
t got to the point during the first few months that she would actually take delight in marking his papers with a broad red pen , making bold X &apos;s and then marking the F at the top of the paper biggest of all .
some of my disciples are pastors . in church , they preach , wear their priestly vestments or conduct Mass . but in the Zen meditation hall , they would meditate on the Zen , and they have even achieved advanced levels of meditation .
sixth , pace the liberalisation of your capital account and your financial sector in order to ensure that you have the strong financial institutions , the regulatory framework , and the competent and empowered regulators to withstand the force of the global capital market .
second , while such an emotional affiliation may overlap with national identification , they are different . it is possible for someone living in a foreign land to feel attached to that place but remains a citizen of the country where he came from .
people know that these challenges cannot be met by one country alone , or by government alone . change cannot be held back by frontiers . human progress has always come from individual and local initiatives , freely devised and then freely adapted elsewhere .
of course , one can look on the bright side ( to console oneself ) and even hail the loss of the bonsai as a gesture to &quot; promote culture &quot; , &quot; encourage exchange &quot; and &quot; share resources beyond national boundaries &quot; .
now that Chinese has become a business imperative , it is time that Chinese Singaporeans start to appreciate it more , urged the editorial Board of the Nanyang chronicle , a students &apos; newspapers of Nanyang technological University in its editorial &quot; Our Say !
now , high on the must-do list for the school , the activity has been taking place annually on a large scale . not only are all the pupils required to make bookplates but the teaching staff are called on to help , too .
non-emergency ambulance services were transferred to the Hospital Authority in October 1995 , and in April 1997 the auxiliary Medical Service took over the non-emergency ambulance service originating from private hospitals , the Social Welfare Department and Department of Health for the whole territory .
no doubt , good money will go into the celebrations but it &apos;s worth it as long as they succeed in generating nation-wide cheer and bringing people together . it &apos;s important to remind people to be hopeful and not fear the new millennium .
nevertheless , the rats were easily guided through pipes and across elevated runways and ledges , and could be instructed to climb , or jump from , any surface with a good foothold , such as a tree , the scientists write in Nature .
moreover , in tandem with society &apos;s progress , Singaporeans &apos; appreciation of culture and the arts , as well as our ability for artistic creation , have improved over the past few years . Singapore is no longer a &quot; cultural desert &quot; .
many a time religion is used as a galvanizing tool because it is convenient and proven . many a time too , the followers of the religion die not for their religious beliefs but for their blind faith in a political orgy of strengths .
local , Chinese and overseas archaeologists and institutions were commissioned to undertake surveys of assigned areas throughout Hong Kong with a view to compiling and updating a comprehensive , computerised inventory on archaeological sites . the survey was expected to be completed in 1998 .
like Singapore , China is witnessing a generation of young students who dislike reading . to tackle the problem , the principal of a primary school in Jinan city , capital of Shandong province , started a school-wide project of bookplate-making some years ago .
last Saturday , we published an article by an undergraduate on her thoughts on National Day . today , another undergraduate shares her views on Singaporeans &apos;sense of belonging . their opinions may reflect the feelings and hopes of some young people for Singapore .
it takes hundreds of years to make humus , and so we ought to save every bit of it . with the increase of population , we need more and more food . if humus is destroyed , where will we grow our food ?
it doesn &apos;t matter if they flock here to eat mee goreng , chicken rice , a US prime rib or some intriguing East-meets-West fusion dish . after all , we are moving closer to being a global city with a hodge-podge of influences .
is it available ? so far , the FDA has approved at least two monoclonals : Herception , for women with metastatic breast cancer whose tumor cells have too much I-IER2 protein , and Rituxan , for treating a type of non-Hodgkin &apos;s lymphoma .
information on crime , police action and activities is disseminated to all news organisations in Hong Kong around the clock through PPRB.Professional staff seconded from the Information Services Department deal with media enquiries and assist media coverage at major scenes of crime and incident .
in this way , the best scientific experts on the planetary scale can cooperate effectively on some of the more difficult problems of the developing world . at the same time , the United Nations system can expand in a non-controversial and construetive way .
in the past two years , there have been extensive discussions by the community on improving the accountability of government and we have listened closely to the views expressed . I have been heartened that the community has generally identified with the new System .
in retrospect , I now fail to see how &quot; yin-yang &quot; is an improvement over the &quot; male-female &quot; dichotomy which I objected to . in fact , I think I had provided a good example of what they were trying to prove .
in promoting its own culture , all communities should try to enlarge our common space . in other words , all communities should bear in mind that , as Singaporeans , we should all work for the common goal while preserving our small differences .
in early May the other hummingbirds returned , and when squeak spotted them outside , he became excited , chattering and flying rapidly to and fro . one day I saw him and another male hovering beak to beak with the window between them .
in Singapore , waves upon waves of new policies , re-set targets , appraisals and assessments tend to make even the most competent principals feel inadequate.Besides , a principal is judged by his executive abilities rather than his commitment to the ideal of education .
if you work in a global corporation with a wide reach , you have colleagues with extraordinary talents and the success of Shell is the ability to have these people work in teams to help each help bridge the various &quot; cultural gaps &quot; .
how he got the job : conceived of and executed the ingenious &quot; 49 percent solution &quot; that removed Coke &apos;s low-return bottlers   and their heaps of debt -- from the company &apos;s books by spinning them off as a separate company .
here too a multilateral approach is required . in the wake of a devastating conflict that inflicted enormous economic damage and cost millions of lives the United Nations was estab lished as a world body responsible for collective action for the resolution of conflict .
government incentives are only temporary but some personal decisions are meant for life . some have predicted that marriage and procreation must be linked to issues such as loyalty . people will have to make a small sacrifice for the sake of the nation .
during the year , 22577 charges were laid against persons who had committed various immigration offences . these included : remaining in the HKSAR illegally , breach of conditions of stay , making false statements or representations , and using or possessing forged documents .
cloning also brings hope to families with inherited genetic diseases by opening the way to gene therapy . such therapy -- the actual correction or replacement of defective gene sequences in the embryo or the adult -- is the holy grail of genetic medicine .
by late April , we had become fast friends . at times squeak would hover around my head , just looking at me for no apparent reason . he even let me stroke his breast in the evening before I turned out the lights .
but what do titters communicate ? some clues come from Provine &apos;s collection of 1,200 &quot; laugh episodes , &quot; from eavesdropping in public places . he finds that speakers laugh more than listeners , and women laugh at men more than vice versa .
but that evidence is getting tougher than ever to overlook . today , scientists are discovering very real biological differences that can make boys more impulsive , more vulnerable to benign neglect , less efficient classroom learners -- in sum , the weaker sex .
besides general conservation of the countryside , Hong Kong has been actively identifying and conserving sites of special scientific interest , such as sites which are natural habitats of rare species of vegetation or insect . in all , 59 sites have been identified .
at the end of the year , the department had an establishment of 3687 disciplined staff and 1858 civilian staff , compared with 3586 and 1959 in 1996 respectively . a total of 46 Immigration Officers and 201 Immigration assistants were recruited in 1997 .
at 3 am the Israeli army comes into Ramallah . we hear the tanks coming . no one knows how far they &apos;ll come . by morning they are surrounding the building where Arafat is based and we hear shooting , shelling and bombing .
as with all societies , behavioural patterns stem from upbringing . what we teach our children is what they turn out to be . granted , there are some that have proven otherwise , but I speak of the masses , not the few .
as most who have paid attention to news reports would know , this is an election somewhat different from the previous ones in that a good percentage of voters fall in a younger age bracket and have amongst them , relatively more well-educated people .
are Singaporeans unwilling to accept what their ancestors have bequeathed them ? well , not if we are talking about money and property . in some instances , the children started fighting over the inheritance as soon as the head of the household died .
and when you call general enquiry lines such as 100 , 1605 and 1711 , you will be greeted by automated answering machines which give you step-by-step instructions on the numbers to enter on your telephone set , to obtain the information you need .
although we are still far from being a &quot; cultural garden &quot; , the plans for this garden have been drawn up , the groundwork is already laid and the infrastructure ( like having a more cultured populace ) is starting to take shape .
although too simple to have any immediate applications it could form the basis of a DNA computer in the future that could potentially operate within human cells and act as a monitoring device to detect potentially disease-causing changes and synthesize drugs to fix them .
although Prof Yu had omitted mentioning Laoshe as a world-class writer , it is widely held that he would have been awarded the Nobel Prize for literature but for his untimely and tragic death in 1960s , a victim of the senseless Cultural Revolution .
above all else , good teachers have the ability to make every student feel that he is a winner . they have faith in their students &apos; abilities , and believe that every child has the potential to be anything he wants to be .
a similar phenomenon can be seen elsewhere . according to a New York Times dispatch from Tokyo on July 21 , quite a few militarist organisations in Japan quietly approve of the September 11 terrorist attacks and support the Palestinian suicidal assaults against Jews .
a main objective of the government &apos;s information policy is to project an accurate image of Hong Kong overseas . with the return of Hong Kong &apos;s sovereignty to China on July 1 , Hong Kong was the focus of international interest in 1997 .
a grief - stricken chimpanzee ? Leviathans in love ? most people , raised on Disney versions of sentient and passionate beasts , would say that these tales , both true , simply confirm their suspicions that animals can feel intense , humanlike emotions .
Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong in his speech at the LianheZaobao &apos;s 75th anniversary gala dinner on September 6 , said that while different races strive to develop their own traditional cultures , they must promote a common sense of belonging for national unity .
Paul nodded . &quot; my brother gave it to me for Chrismas . &quot; the boy was astounded . &quot; you mean your brother gave it to you and it didn &apos;t cost you nothing ? boy , I wish ... &quot; He hesitated .
I was the one who suggested the setting up of a School of Chinese Studies at Nanyang technological University , after taking into consideration the existing Chinese-language programmes in NTU , as well as the needs of our country &apos;s future growth and development .
I therefore suggest that &quot; elite &quot; should only be conferred on people who belong in Category 1 . those in Category 2 should be called &quot; para-elite &quot; , while those in categories 3 , 4 and 5 are &quot; extraordinary talent &quot; .
I still find a comment by Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong in one of his speeches about one or two years ago rather heart-warming . Singapore &apos;s GDP growth would drop two percentage points without the contribution of foreign talent , he had said .
I have seen a shop with the name &quot; sin Te ( meaning &quot; new &quot; ) material supplier &quot; . this is akin to a property firm calling itself &quot; developer of New homes &quot; - it is just so direct and meaningless .
I have no problem understanding why we need to cater to the majority . the questions then that needed to be asked are : what yardsticks do we use to determine this is indeed the case and who decides on the yardsticks to use ?
I have four suggestions to make and I hope that they will stimulate more ideas from others . we can contribute more to Singapore &apos;s political development by sharing our ideas . this will also help Singaporeans to be more politically conscious and active .
E-business includes transactions among employees inside an enterprise ; among trading partners in a supply chain ; and of course , the networked transactions that transform the way educators teach students , physicians treat patients , and the way governments deliver services to citizens .
Coopting people with different views however is one action , which would probably get positive feedback . in part , the bringing aboard of candidates who had histories of being outspoken against PAP &apos;s policies has been stressed quite a bit by the media .
5.Figure out if your entire nose is in on the action . sneezes from Allergies or infections usually come out of both nostrils.If only one nostril is involved , it could signal a deviated septum or a nasal polyp.see your doctor for a checkup .
&quot; played up &quot; out of proportion by some Straits Times journalists , those scholars &apos; answer to a hypothetical query has aroused waves of criticism and denunciation . moreover , it has set people re-thinking about the issue of moral principles and obligations .
&quot; it is the call of the Nantah spirit . &quot; ; &quot; It shows that the Chinese-educated value the friendships of fellow students . &quot; ; &quot; It is the influence of the Chinese culture . &quot; all these reasons have been suggested .
&quot; Wanda , &quot; I blurted out . &quot; we &apos;ve got to talk about it . I have cancer . cancer ! I &apos;ll probably die of it . but I &apos;m not dead yet . we have to talk about it . &quot;
with its steady economic growth and proximity to the Mainland , the HKSAR remains vulnerable to the entry of illegal immigrants from the Mainland . the daily average arrest figure for 1997 was 49 , a 22.2 per cent drop compared with 63 in 1996 .
when someone is angry , we should cool him down . if need be , Muslims all over the world should carry big buckets of ice and when they are in front of the White House , announce , &quot; Bush , let &apos;s chill !
we in Singapore have every reason to be proud and thankful that our country has been rated one of the ten least corrupt in the world . instead of resting on our laurels , we must strive to ensure that it always stays that way .
unemployment affects both the men and women , and the young and old . but the most vulnerable are those aged 40 and above . likely to be the sole breadwinners , these middle-aged workers hail from white- and blue-collar jobs and different educational background .
true , the means of providing services have become more efficient , but has the quality of service improved ? when service personnel are replaced by machines , is it out of consideration for the convenience of service providers or better service for the people ?
true , talented foreigners often give the impression of being dynamic and game to take on challenges . but few are aware of the misery of living in a foreign land and the sense of disappointment and resignation they often experience when they are alone .
too little protein in the diet can also lead to hair shedding . if our diet does not contain adequate levels of protein , the body will consrve most of it for vital organs , leaving the hair with too little to carry on growing .
to maintain a successful Jiapu requires skilful management and perseverance . it is much more arduous to undertake a Zongpu , which would incorporate Jiapu in addition to other information . consequently , only those with financial resources and education could sustain such a venture .
to dampen my enthusiasm , my husband said jokingly : &quot; didn &apos;t I tell you that only foreign &apos; suakus &apos; ( country bumpkins ) will be attracted to the Istana and Chinatown . Singaporeans will not be caught dead at these places ! &quot;
three weeks later , I rushed to my beach in a state of near panic . I was in no mood even to greet Windy . I thought I saw her mother on the porch and felt like demanding she keep her child at home .
those that have become high flyers , such as Netscape , Intel , Cisco and Yahoo , have turned many of their employees , including support staff like secretaries , into dot.com millionaires overnight , often at the relatively young age of 20s or 30s .
this is indeed a crying shame in a country proud of its inter-religious harmony . what this means is that there is still a long way to go before Singaporeans can call themselves &quot; one united people regardless of race , religion and culture &quot; .
this is because , with smaller families , more wealth and less leisure time , the New Year celebrations could be conveniently telescoped into three components : the nuclear family reunion dinner , giving of Hong bao and eating Yu sheng ( raw fish ) .
this humane decision came as a surprise to many , especially those who view Singapore as a rigid rules-bound society , and that Singaporeans generally lack independent thinking and the conviction to question government policies and established norms , even if they disagree with them .
this close call in Singapore reminds all of us of the importance of expanded law enforcement and intelligence efforts and the role of international cooperation . this enhanced vigilance has yielded results , breaking up terrorist cells from Singapore to Europe to the United States .
their speeches , richly embellished with allusions and quotations , captivated the audience . the best debater of the night , Mr Lu Yiming , was particularly impressive . he was witty and sharp , always giving his rivals a hard time holding their own .
the understanding and definition of creativity between the Eastern and Western cultures may differ , as traditional Asian culture is more conservative , while modern culture of the West is more liberal . but in terms of creative thinking , their influences are equally significant .
the strong reactions have baffled the United Malays National Organisation or UMNO , as well as the Malay community . for a long time , UMNO has controlled the Utusan Malaysia and Berita Harian and there has not been the slightest outcry from the Malays .
the stress of schoolwork is , in fact , weighing more and more heavily on our pupils . while the syllabus has been reduced , students are getting more and tougher homework . some of the questions are so mind-boggling that even undergraduates are baffled .
the recent proposal to set up a sports school in 2003 by a sub-committee of the Committee on sporting Singapore , aims to provide young and talented athletes who are likely to shine in the sporting arena , the best care , training and support .
the projects will provide further local job and business opportunities . more than 30 000 jobs have been generated for local workers during the construction period . it is estimated that the new airport and the AR alone will create around 10 000 new jobs .
the method for returning six members to the second term of the Legislative Council by the Election Committee was the block vote system — each member of the Election Committee was required to cast six votes and the result was determined by a simple majority .
the food and beverage industry of Singapore , led by the hotels , has also done much to accord it a high status . local food , instead of being edged out by Western fare , stands out even more prominently in hotel menus today .
the first four years after the resumption demonstrated that Hong Kong &apos;s reunification with China was achieved smoothly , and that the legal system , the rule of law , human rights , and the independence of the Judiciary have been fully maintained and protected .
the division has a programme under which arrangements are made for senior government officials and prominent local personalities to address targeted audiences overseas . these programmes are complemented by participation in international seminars , cultural activities and other events.The division also co-ordinates high-level missions overseas .
the discoveries captured the attention of all Italy . archaeologists were taken by the number of objects and the diversity of their ages , ranging from fourth century B.C. to third century A.D. But where had they come from , and where were they going ?
the development of U. S. -P . R. C. military relations began soon after our normalization of diplomatic relations in January 1979 . military contacts have progressed since that time as a natura1 by-product of normal political and economic relations between friendly , non-allied countries .
the department collects revenue from four categories of dutiable commodities : alcoholic beverages , tobacco , hydrocarbon oil and methyl alcohol . in 1997 , it collected $ 8.74 billion in revenue from dutiable commodities , representing an increase of 6.2 per cent over 1996 .
the current generation of Chinese-language and cultural core elite are getting older . it would be sad if we do not have the means , or determination , to cultivate another group of core elite to pass the Chinese cultural legacy down to future generations .
the counterfeit and forgery Division had another successful year in combating counterfeit credit card activity , the counterfeiting of currency and the use of forged travel documents by illegal immigrants . the fraudulent use of credit cards dropped to its lowest level in five years .
the annual Hong Kong International Film Festival , held in March / April , is one of the world &apos;s major non-competitive film festivals . the 21st Festival in 1997 presented 220 films from more than 40 countries and attracted a total audience of 142165 .
the UNHCR is responsible for the costs of the care and maintenance of Vietnamese migrants but for 1997 could meet only $ 4 million out of the $ 20 million incurred , bringing to $ 1.16 billion its accumulated debt to Hong Kong since 1989 .
the Star ferry operated 12 vessels across the harbour and carried 89 000passengers on its three routes daily during the year . fares ranged from $ 1.70 to $ 2.70 . passengers aged 65 and above can enjoy free travel on all Star ferry services .
the Special Duties Unit , the Force &apos;s counter-terrorist response unit , was deployed several times during the year to help other units tackle armed gangs and hostage-takers . it was also heavily committed during the visits by various internationally Protected Persons attending major events .
the Police Welfare Fund has been the major source of finance for all welfare activities within the Force . in all , 1634 children of regular and auxiliary Police officers were awarded bursaries from the two Police Education trusts to help them further their education .
the People First Party &apos;s ( PFP ) strategy of dissociating itself from the New Party &apos;s China policy and opposing the latter &apos;s talk of &quot; one country , two systems &quot; , saved it from being labelled as a &quot; pro-China &quot; party .
the Marine Department collects floating refuse through a combined fleet of government and contract vessels . the government has stepped up its preventive action against sources of floating refuse through collaboration among the Agriculture and Fisheries , Urban Services , Regional Services and Marine departments .
the Executive Council normally meets once a week , and its proceedings are confidential , although many of its decisions are made public . the Chief Executive presides at its meetings . during the year , the Executive Council held a total of 35 meetings .
the Antiquities Advisory Board also examined and graded pre-war Chinese temples and monasteries in Tuen Mun ; the military structures on Stonecutters Island ; the former Victoria barracks ; the former Whitfield barracks and the MacIntosh Forts according to their historical significance and architectural merit .
the 8th global gathering of Nantah graduates which was attended by 600 people , came to a close on June 9 . as we parted in Sabah , we wished each other well and promised to meet again in Penang in two years &apos; time .
thank you so much for this wonderful gift of Chek Jawa . your announcement moved me to tears , especially the focus on our children . to me , they are like the same sweet refrain that had begun and then ended in a song .
stability , in every sense of the word , is a rare and prized asset for any country . but for Singaporeans as young as I am ( I am 22 years old ) , it is the norm . I was born into stability .
some will question my optimism . but of this one thing I am sure : without cooperation between the Chinese people and the American people , there is no chance that the 21st century will be a century of peace and progress for all people .
some in the mainland noted that Chen Shui-bian &apos;s speech contained 33 references to Taiwan ( including Taiwan &apos;s culture and society and &quot; children of Taiwan &quot; ) , nine to the &quot; Republic of China &quot; , and two to &quot; Formosa &quot; .
so , when the economy suddenly took a turn for the worse , many Singaporeans were caught unprepared . even economic analysts were feeling optimistic that &quot; tomorrow will be better &quot; just before July last year , when the financial crises hit the region .
so , to prevent this pass-fail alternative from becoming a soft option , and as a matter of national well-being , any student who is good in other subjects but has to Chinese on a pass-fail basis should be allowed to take a third language instead
so , I am concerned whether the idea of a Speakers &apos; corner has been conceived from such an understanding . did it stem from a genuine desire of the people , or was it put on the stage just to satisfy some other needs ?
show the way . in 1965 , Lee Ducat was a Philadelphia homemaker with a child who had just been found to have diabetes . Ducat tried to reach out to other mothers of diabetic kids , but a first no one wanted to talk .
several days before the meeting , it occurred to me that if we were going to start a group , we ought to have a name . I had three suggestions : live Each Day fully ; Live for Today ; or Make Today Count .
perhaps in the future man will live in the sea , away from the crowded and noisy cities on land . then sea has plenty of space , not only for floating communities and parks , but also for storing supplies and for underwater travel .
one could probably never feel more Asian then when sitting amongst fellow yellow-skin audience and hoping in the heart that South Korea will make it through yet another match . this World Cup for me , is pure Asian pride at the South Korean performance .
national laws relating to defence and foreign affairs as well as other matters outside the limits of the autonomy of the HKSAR may be applied locally by way of promulgation or legislation by the HKSAR . currently , 11 national laws apply in the HKSAR .
let us take China as an example . should we judge China by the standards of , for example , contemporary Sweden , or should China be judged in the context of the dramatic progress it has made since the beginning of the Deng era ?
jointly presented with the Hong Kong Arts Centre , the competition aims to encourage creative non-commercial independent productions of short film and video in Hong Kong and to promote the interest of the public in film and video as artistic , communicative and expressive media .
it sounds unbelievable today to think that the US media would actually protect the president &apos;s honour for national interests . many of us will no doubt still remember the juicy details on president Bill Clinton &apos;s affair with Monica Lewinsky in the American media .
it is timely to stress the importance of sports . with the economy on track and Singaporeans enjoying more affluence , the desire to have a better quality of life is understandable . sports no doubt will have a role to play in this aspect .
it is a little disconcerting that a Hongkong University survey in July this year found that teenagers in Hongkong perceive Chinese culture to be inferior to Western culture.It would be a sad day if similar results were thrown up in a survey of Singapore youth .
inadequate Asset Allocation-- Asset allocation is the process of dividing your pool of money among different asset classes , e.g. between income investments such as fixed deposits and bond funds , and growth investments which will include riskier investments such as stocks or physical property .
in view of our colonial past and racial mix , English has been the dominant language of administration , business and education , and the vehicle of communication among the various races here . without it , Singaporeans of different extractions will cease to communicate .
in my view , the government should consider extending this policy beyond the school to the society at large . Singaporeans , especially young Singaporeans who have just started work , will then get a chance to study a third language during their free time .
in line with the government policy to provide an emergency response to all areas within minimum set times according to category of risk , the department has continued to plan and build fire stations and ambulance depots at strategic locations to cope with local developments .
in general , the price sensitivity of a two-year fixed income bond is twice that of a one-year fixed income bond . likewise , a 10-year fixed income bond will be about 10 times more sensitive to interest rates than a one-year fixed income bond .
in any emergency , the Observatory will intensify radiation monitoring and assess the radiological and Meteorological information collected to estimate the transport , dispersion and deposition of any radioactivity over Hong Kong . it will also give the government technical advice on any necessary counter-measures .
in anticipation of the growing use of hi-tech software throughout the travel industry , the HKTA is currently developing a CD-ROM to assist incentive and corporate meeting organisers to plan their programmes in Hong Kong . relevant information is also available on the wonder Net .
if you have a strong or strange accent , be it Teochew or Thatcher , drop it by all means . Unlearn your pronunciation if it &apos;s inscrutable . Heavily-accented English which is strangely musical or guttural is unlikely to cut through boundaries so neatly .
however , with rapid economic expansion and growing westernisation in Singapore , over time , there has been a noticeable erosion , if not abandonment , of the New Year traditions and customs , which are perceived to be out of step with modern lifestyle .
however , besides being aware of differences , they must also keep abreast of changes . as we enter the next Century and millennium , we must be adept at knowing or even coming out with new words to render new inventions and new situations .
however , I applaud the reasonable reply by the National Parks Board to a suggestion that dogs be banned from the Botanical Gardens . the Board reassured park-visitors of their basic rights , declaring that it would not forbid them to bring along their pets .
how do you drink sensibly ? mostly by not allowing yourself to get intoxicated . to do that , you need to be aware of what alcohol is , what it does to you , and how to control its effects.Here are a few pointers :
hey , there &apos;s a gap in the crowd waiting to get on board . I bet I can squeeze in front of that old man so I might be able to find a seat before he does , otherwise someone else will take it .
he would never have expected that several decades after his death , political mobilisation would no longer be &quot; protracted &quot; . instead , the Internet would enable some Chinese to spread revolutionary truth all over the world , and mobilise the Chinese diaspora overnight .
he insists his elevation to boy warlord was not simply due to a medieval - style hereditary due to a medieval - style hereditary right . &quot; there was a great council meeting . they decided to give it to me , &quot; he said .
given the ever-changing technologies and fast-flowing information , we should do away with the slow changes , sluggish actions and time-consuming decision-making in the old days . yet we must maintain a steady orientation for our growth . this is the new value we need .
futures contracts are like forward contracts except that the terms of the contract , namely the quantity and the delivery date , are standardised . this makes each contract freely interchangeable with another contract . this permits their trading on an exchange thus enhancing liquidity .
family life education continued to play an important part in the welfare programme , with emphasis on good parental guidance to the children . the branch has also pursued an initiative in promoting a healthy life style and family values amongst members of the Force .
established by ordinance in 1984 with an autonomous governing council , the academy offers professional education and training up to degree level in performing and related arts . disciplines offered include dance , drama , music , theatre technical arts , and film and television .
during the year , the livestock waste control scheme prevented pollution equivalent to the raw sewage from 190000 people being discharged into the environment . this brought the total reduction in livestock waste pollution to over 88 percent since the inception of the control scheme .
drug addicts found guilty of an offence punishable by imprisonment maybe sentenced to a drug addiction treatment centre . they can be detained for two to 12 months , depending on their progress . In-centre treatment is followed by 12 months of statutory after-care supervision .
dissenting views on Singapore &apos;s political system have also been expressed . &quot; du Shu &quot; , a Beijing magazine which has considerable influence over the intellectuals , has carried a critical three-part commentary on Senior Minister Lee Kuan Yew and Singapore &apos;s political model .
currently there is a widespread belief that the trend in the future is quick profits , quick growth and everything accomplished quick . this , however , is not the right message to our young people , because it gives them nothing but an illusion .
but you must believe me when I tell you that I have found it impossible to carry the heavy burden of responsibility and to discharge my duties as King as I would wish to do without the help and support of the woman I love .
but what about subtler problems like the card sorting deficiencies ? after all , it might just be that smart college students tend to smoke lightly while others smoke heavily . in which case the card sorting results may have little to do with marijuana .
but questions still abound : would these new voices be subsumed if they were judged to have crossed the line ? would there be a line drawn in the first place for these new candidates ? these questions would probably be best answered by time .
but I think we need to be careful about over-interpreting panting behaviour in animals at play . it &apos;s nice to think of it as homologous to human laughter , but it could just be something similar but with entirely different purposes and evolutionary advantages .
both groups have their reasons , and are entitled to their views . in fact , even the question of whether the command of the Chinese language of young people today is a far cry from the older generation is likely to elicit different opinions .
at the end of 1997 , there were 1161 Vietnamese illegal immigrants in Hong Kong . great efforts were being made towards stemming the outflow of Vietnamese illegal immigrants to Hong Kong and expediting the clearance and repatriation process in co-operation with the Vietnamese Government .
as the bombs slammed into the side of the hotel , the Predator completed the mission , launching its two Hellfire miss siles at the vehicles in the car park . almost everyone at the scene was incinerated , with close to 100 people killed .
as an old Chinese saying goes : &quot; he who wins the support of the people will flourish , he who loses the support of the people will perish &quot; . political leaders across the Taiwan Strait would do well to bear this in mind .
as I see it , only when Singaporeans cease to regard foreign talent as coming here to compete for jobs with them , will foreign talent stop feeling being on the fringe . foreigners will also begin to feel a sense of belonging to Singapore .
and if you travel through the villages in small , local rundown buses , you will swiftly come into close contact with local inhabitants and their animals . you are just as likely to have a hen thrust into your lap as a small child .
about 233 200 sea-going and river-trade vessels arrived in Hong Kong during the year . these vessels handled more than 169 million tones of cargo and around 18 million passengers , most of whom were carried on the world &apos;s largest fleet of high-speed ferries .
a weak North-East monsoon coupled with an unseasonal southerly air stream gave rise to the warmest November on record . the mean temperature of 23.1 degrees equalled the previous record set in 1966 . the mean minimum temperature of 21.2 degrees ranked highest for November .
Malay children and students have equal footing with educational opportunities that will improve their chances up the social ladder . and as if not enough , the government wants every Malay child and student in Singapore to have a strong educational base from the start .
Kara : Alicia worried , but I wasn &apos;t even nervous ; the anesthesiologist told me I was the calmest person he &apos;d ever seen.Then , Bam , I was out . the next thing I knew , my niece , Rachel was hugging me .
I recall Mr Pan once described Nantah as a &quot; crescent moon &quot; . he said : &quot; ... of course , a newly risen moon is not full . but the day when Nantah becomes full , this crescent moon will be different . &quot;
I must confess that I do not know where the real solution lies , or whether these unedifying character traits , if left uncorrected and in the absence of a strong peer pressure for change , will become too deeply-entrenched to get rid of later .
I feel that as long as they bothered to catch the grand parade of the new millennium on TV , it is already a good sign . they , like me , wanted to witness those taking part in what was a truly Singaporean celebration .
I am learning still , to see more of which we can be proud of . for every one Singaporean tourist who decries other countries &apos; backwardness , there &apos;s one Singaporean volunteer in the third world bearing our flag , carrying out constructive work .
I am especially encouraged that the younger Singaporeans are in the forefront of this cultural fermentation , through their enthusiastic participation as audiences , organisers and artistes . this has led to the formation of more diverse arts groups and rising standards of arts appreciation .
I &apos;m looking all the way down to the subcellular level . one of the things we &apos;re trying to look at is prebiotic seif-organisation , chemical seif-organisation . how did life arise in the first place ? it &apos;s a key question to answer .
Hong Kong has more than 200 recorded species and forms of butterflies.Among the many local moths are the giant silkworm moths , including the cythia , fawn , Atlas and moon . Dragonflies and damselflies are also common , as are wasps and metallic-coloured beetles .
Hong Kong &apos;s physical and climatic environment provides woody and grassy habitats for a wide variety of animals and plants . under the pressures of urbanisation , larger animal species are rarely seen , but reptiles , amphibians , birds and insects are still common .
Hong Kong &apos;s climate is sub-tropical , tending towards the temperate for nearly half the year . during November and December , there are pleasant breezes , plenty of sunshine and comfortable temperatures . many people regard these as the best months of the year .
English is still the dominant language in our society . but the world is changing and the more practical among the top talent in our society are adjusting their view . it is not a complete change , but they have certainly broadened their horizons .
Claudio Mocchegiani Carpano , the director of Italy &apos;s Technical Service for Undeiwater archaeology , coordinated the excavation , conducted by a private marine cooperative . a team of archaeologists and technicians uncovered an array of bronze heads , arms , feet , and fingers .
China &apos;s potential contribution , as one of the world &apos;s largest economies and a leading figure in world affairs , cannot be exaggerated . within the modest limits of its own capacities , South Africa is committed to working with China towards these goals .
3.Know your limit and make sure you don &apos;t exceed it . keep track of those drinks.If you aren &apos;t sure how much alcohol you can handle without losing control , test yourself at home with someone else observing.Then stay within that limit at parties .
11.Always keep a date , or call to cancel . don &apos;t let some hapless potential partner wait needlessly at your meeting place . it takes a strong stomach to cyberdate , whether you decide to meet someone or to call the whole thing off .
1.Restrict your drinking , even on special occasions . don &apos;t overdo it just because it &apos;s your best friend &apos;s wedding . a few extra drinks can put you out of commission and make you a danger or a nuisance to those around you .
&quot; you &apos;re just saying that because you don &apos;t want me to leave , &quot; I said . &quot; nobody who has lived in a major city can stand fresh air for a very long time . he has no tolerance for it . &quot;
&quot; all of us were more wary of treating ang mohs , &quot; said a doctor during a court hearing recently . &quot; the mindset is not limited to the medical service ; it is there in all services . this is a reality . &quot;
you might say , as many people do , that it is iiot easy always to act on abstract principles . no , it is not easy . but how much harder is it , to have to act on them without knowing what they are ?
with the implementation of a ten-year compulsory education , we should be closer to the aim of raising the educational level of the population . furthermore , this befits the status of an advanced nation , something we are aiming to achieve in the next century .
why are Taiwanese so averse to the China-proposed &quot; one country , two systems &quot; formula for reunification ? and why are they so disgusted with the Chinese communist government ? well , you have to be in the company of Taiwanese to appreciate these feelings .
who could have foreseen in 1945 that two generations later Western Europe would be united , peaceful and prosperous , that old enemies would be reconciled ? the European Union is nothing short of a miracle . what lessons can East Asians learn from the EU ?
when I migrated here from Taiwan in 1997 , it also meant a shorter break for Chinese New Year . to me , two days of public holidays are simply not enough - this is the biggest difference between Chinese New Year here and in Taiwan .
what do we know about the moon ? first of all , if we compare the moon with the earth , we find that the moon is much smaller . it is about one-quarter the size of the earth . it is travelling around the earth .
we stand here today as nothing more than a representative of the millions of our people who dared to rise up against a social system whose very essence is war , violence , racism , oppres sion , repression and the impoverishment of an entire people .
we have committed more resources to our Fullbright program in China than in any other country . two of the American professors teaching here at Fudan are Fullbright Professors . and there are 20 American students studying with you . we are very proud of them .
we are a multiracial and immigrant society which welcomes talented professionals from other countries to work and live here . we are concerned that the emergence of an anti-immigrant racist political party in Australia , which has close links with us , will undermine investor confidence .
visitors were amused when they saw the advertisement at the 5th World Chinese Entrepreneurs exhibition held in Melbourne last week . under the poster , several young Netpreneurs were busy promoting Eyah.com that they claimed to be the largest Chinese portal site in the Southern Hemisphere .
very often , couples who can no longer get along stop short of taking their irreconcilable differences to court for the sake of their children . to some , it is obvious that the birth of a baby will be at the expense of their freedom .
unfortunately , this has not diminished the &quot; fear of ghosts &quot; . and people are still wary of &quot; political repercussions . &quot; the power of this paralysing sense of fear has driven some to a blind spot where they cannot see matters in perspective .
this led the show promoter to lower the standard of its initial questions so that more would survive the early rounds . since then , although the level of performance has improved visibly , none has yet come close to winning the magical one-million dollars bonanza .
this is in sharp contrast with the abuse of powers widespread in many parts of the world , where protective umbrellas enabled some public figures to exploit their positions for personal gains , instead of working for the common good of the people under their care .
this is , in effect , depriving people of their right to be creative.A person deprived of his individuality can expect to produce nothing but copies of others &apos; work . no amount of reference books or lessons on creativity given by doctorate-holders will help them .
this discussion on sense of belonging and identification has a special meaning for an immigrant society like Singapore . if we can make passing travellers and foreign talent identify with us and sink roots here , there will be added dynamism and vitality for our progress .
they seem to use both the intensity and direction of the magnetic fields to navigate . it is also found that turtles born in the Pacific are genetically imprinted with a different magnetic map for currents in Atlantic . they would soon perish in the Atlantic .
these objectives include whether there is a greater need for capital gains or regular in-come . other considerations such as liquidity needs and time horizon also determine an in-vestor &apos;s appetite to assume risks and , accord-ingly , his choice of asset class to invest in .
these events were attended by distinguished guests including ministers , mayors , government officials , consuls , foreign dignitaries , community leaders , business people and academics . live or pre-recorded telecasts from Hong Kong of the handover and inauguration ceremonies were featured in these functions .
therefore , the size of a country , be it large or small , can have both advantages and disadvantages.The small territory is not a problem for Singaporeans , but they should not become a petty people － with a narrow vision and a little mind .
the raised fields of the Tiwanalcu may be a good example of a complex society already responding to the challenges of a marginal environment , and therefore vulnerable to sudden climate change . around the year 1100 , the cities and fields were abruptly aban doned .
the primitive man depended on creativity for survival ; the history of creativity is as long as human history . however , scientific study of creativity is only half a century old . we in Singapore have been talking about creativity for less than two years .
the participants in both the English and Chinese programmes came from a reasonably representative cross-section of the Singaporean public , with the overwhelming majority being under 40 years old , comprising professionals , business executives , public servants and teachers , to name just a few .
the late Franklin Roosevelt , who led the United States during World War II , suffered from poliomyelitis when he was 39 and never regained the use of his legs , a fact that few Americans were aware of when the well-respected president was still alive .
the human society can never be perfect and human beings are far from being flawless . being idealists , it is not unusual for artists to be dissatisfied . the question is what are they unhappy about and how to deal with this &quot; discontent &quot; .
the government has emphasised time and again that not only will they pose no threat to our jobs , foreign talent will inject new impetus into Singapore &apos;s labour market , increase the competitiveness of some industries , and thus providing more job opportunities for Singaporeans .
the first promising step towards the KBE can be made if one is able to effectively develop a vision of the future , exploit one &apos;s self-potential , stay open-minded , never stop absorbing new knowledge and appy it in the areas of science and technology .
the disposal of former military sites occupied by the Force has created a need to plan for replacement facilities . major facilities affected include the Field patrol detachment &apos;s Headquarters Depot , Queen &apos;s Hill Camp recreation Centre and 140 junior Police Officers &apos; married quarters .
the department responded to 35543 fire calls , 20899 special service calls and 438247 ambulance calls during 1997 , representing an average of 1200 calls a day . January was the busiest month , with six No.3 alarm fires and more than 370 vegetation fires reported .
the corporate bond market in Singa-pore is likely to develop in both the va-riety of stock available and the liquidity of the secondary market . the development is expected to be strongly demand-driven , with diversified investors increasingly looking to the corporate bond market for yield .
the backlash is not only emotionally driven but also smack of a need for political legitimacy of an erstwhile fragile administration . alas , when no one can see the fine line between politics and religion anymore , any level-headed ditch to reason will prove futile .
the attitude towards Chinese names seems to have gone to extremes . while some organisations or groups do not give a hoot , many people believe strongly in choosing an auspicious name that can help bring good &quot; Feng shui &quot; and overcome obstacles in life .
the association promotes the right to freedom of expression and actively focuses on a range of press freedom and ethics concerns . its sub-committees cover such issues as pay , labour rights and disputes , health and safety , training , China-related matters and book publishing .
the Observatory operates tide gauges for monitoring coastal flooding and raised sea levels caused by tropical cyclones . to probe the atmosphere aloft , radiosondes carried by balloons are launched four times a day at King &apos;s Park to relay weather information from the upper air .
the House Committee also holds special meetings to discuss issues of public concern . during the session under review , the House Committee held a special meeting to discuss with the new Chief Secretary for Administration his plans and aspirations and other issues of public concern .
the CPPU gained access to the Internet in April to monitor the development of child pornography through the systems of newsgroups , chat rooms and bulletin boards . the unit liaises closely with the Commercial Crime Bureau , which investigates individuals posting pornography on the Internet .
such young civil service officials may possess the daily oral CL communicative ability . however , most of them are incapable of articulating verbally in CL with respect to business and legal issues , not to mention their ability to read or vet CL written texts .
such love will not be found until people give serious thoughts to the meaning of life . I wish that everybody would find such an affection . then a gracious society would become a reality for Singapore . may our lost spiritual wealth be recovered soon .
studying images from the Hubble Space telescope and the Very Large telescope in Chile , Weaver and his colleagues found that C / linear broke up into 16 fragments , which then disintegrated . the fragments may well have been primordial planetesimals , according to Weaver .
speaking to the media on winning the award , Gao said : &quot; it has created a future , made people understand that good works can also be produced by using the Chinese language which can gain worldwide recognition too . language is no barrier . &quot;
some members of the Muslim community have voiced out that Muslim leaders need to do their part to educate the non-Muslim public about basic practises of Muslims which are often misunderstood even as they take up PM &apos;s call to steer the community away from extremism .
since it is true that love is necessary for happiness and warmth in life , not only in ancient times , but also in today &apos;s society , this makes the need for people to love and care for one another an idea that transcends time .
she chattered little  girl talk as we strooled up the beach , but my mind was on other things . when I feft for home , Windy said it had been a happy day . feeling surprisingly better , I smiled at her and agreed .
selected staff are also sent on courses run by relevant government departments and local universities , or to participate in overseas visits and training in order to broaden their horizons and to keep them abreast of the latest trend and development in correctional services world wide .
sadly , because of this , many of my peers who are English-educated have become snobs , although not outright ones . being English-educated has almost become a status . which is why every time the label cheenah is used on someone , it sounds condescending .
right now , Singaporeans are lapping up the American coffee culture that is changing the way we look at the once humble kopi-o . I have noticed that there are no good Chinese translations for beverages like expresso , cappuccino , cafe latte and so on .
returning to the river , a method of using their water which has been much discussed is the estuarine barrage . the mouth of the river is dammed and a freshwater lake created behind the dam . the Zuider Zee dam in Holland is an example .
reputation - Luxembourg and Dublin have an excellent reputation for their regulation . Jersey and Guernsey , Channel Islands , Bermuda , Bahamas and the Cayman Islands , are all well regulated as well . be wary of places such as Gibraltar , Malta or Cyprus .
repetition of the rhythm of speech is important to help the developing brain understand how language is organized . thus , stories , songs and nursery rhymes are vital daily activities that parents can share with their children until they are old enough to attend school .
rapid growth of industry and commerce in Hong Kong has caused degradation of the environment . the penalty is being paid in the form of adverse ecological changes , a heavy but usually hidden financial burden on the community , and great risks to community health .
professor Tommy Koh is the Executive Director of Asia-Europe Foundation . he presented a paper at the Second informal ASEM seminar on Human Rights held in Beijing yesterday . the following are excerpts from his paper entitled , &quot; Differences in Asian and European values &quot; .
people want to see this happen. between neighboring countnes , and among all the countries of each region . but since today &apos;s biggest challenges are global , they expect. above all that we will work together at the global level , as the United Nations .
people tend to associate the hi-tech industry with the Silicon Valley . I have frequent interaction with Silicon Valley people , and one of the deepest impressions I have of the Valley is that tremendous amounts of resources and talent are being wasted on vicious competition .
parents who have managed to get their elder kids into a top school feel relieved , and the old boys and girls are happy . but , to the masses without a special background , such a system of allotting school vacancies can hardly sound reasonable .
not all of us will be good at identifying and analysing problems . solutions will perhaps escape most of us . but without discourse , without sharing , we do not even give ourselves the simple chance of being able to try to work things out .
nearly all our food comes from the soil . some of us eat meat , of course ; but animals live on plants . if there were no plants , we would have no animals and no meat . so the soil is necessary for life .
moreover , they could have the sought-after schools set up more branch campuses to satisfy the needs by eager parents . this way , the self-esteem of children will be boosted , the face of their parents saved , and the position of the authorities maintained .
maybe one can also ask more senior and experienced Chinese-language teachers , heads of department , or other people who know better . are the younger Chinese-language teachers up to the mark ? one gets the hint - when they shake their heads and remain silent .
licensed broadcasters are regulated by the Ba , whose 12 members include nine appointed members drawn from various sectors of the community , and three public officers . the Ba &apos;s major function is to secure proper programme , advertising and technical standards for broadcasting licensees .
its mission statement , Moulding the Future of Our Nation , reflects the importance it places on ensuring that our young are equipped not only with the right skills and knowledge but also the right values and instincts to survive as individuals and as a nation .
it is a point worth noting that Singaporean members of JI were deviationists operating at the fringes of society , just like Osama . they were not part of the mainstream Muslim community which was as shaken and dismayed as other Singaporeans at their terrorist plans .
in the evenings and during the holidays , many young people who throng the long beachfront of the East Coast Park gaze at the sea in despair . people can only squeeze into the small toilet at the entertainment centre to change into their swimming gear .
in my view , our education system , home environment and social influences are the contributory causes . notwithstanding that our students &apos; academic level has been vastly enhanced , their full potential , including their intellectual curiosities and creativity , has not been completely stretched .
in all , 1 669 hectares of land have been created : 1 248 hectares for the new airport platform ; 67 hectares for phase I of Tung Chung new town ; 334 hectares for West Kowloon reclamation ; and 20 hectares for Central reclamation phase I.
if trivialities in our daily lives still have to come under scrutiny by the authorities , it will be hard for us to point an accusing finger at those who are thinking of leaving . they may just want to exercise fully their freedom of choice .
human operators were able to steer the Ratbots through the obstacle course as if they were guiding intelligent robots , said Sanjiv Taiwar , a researcher at the State University of New York , who helped to run the study , published in the journal Nature .
however , it remains questionable how many among those Chinese-speakers are Internet-users . so far the Net has reached only a small proportion of the 1.3 billion people in China : a recent survey reveals that only 14 percent of the population know of the Internet .
how does Shell manage these &quot; cultural differences &quot; to develop successful businesses in varied environments- for instance in China or Japan ? both these business cultures are unique in that most of the business meetings are conducted and essential documentation remain in Chinese / Japanese .
headache : &quot; people who can &apos;t really see the long term . &quot; Wall Street began slamming Coke &apos;s stock in the fourth quarter when earnings nose  dived as a result of decreased sales and currency devaluations in places such as Russia and Brazil .
furthermore , cultural factors do creep into it . for instance , the more versatile Singaporeans , with richer experiences of life , might have been deterred from taking part for fear of losing face within sight of friends and relatives , should they perform ignominiously .
first of all , I think that the pedagogy of Chinese language teaching in Singapore should be re-examined , if it is as I remember , students from English- and Chinese-speaking backgrounds are mixed together in the same classes and taught in exactly the same way .
even now , many are still worried about &quot; saying the wrong things &quot; on non-political issues , preferring instead , to sit on the fence . it is an urgent task to help them break out of this self-imposed mentality of remaining &quot; silent &quot; .
during the year , officers from the scenes of Crime Section attended 15 942 crime scenes . in confirming people &apos;s previous criminal convictions , the bureau processed the fingerprints of 151 867 persons , which led to the identifications of 68 843 with criminal records .
category IIA and IIB classifications are advisory ( no age restriction is imposed ) and are intended to give more information to movie-goers , particularly parents , in the selection of films for themselves or their children . age restriction is mandatory for Category III films .
but whether the loan comes from NTUC Thrift or the loan sharks , it still has to be repaid . so , why don &apos;t we allow the unemployed to use their own money - locked in their CPF savings - to finance their own needs ?
but we must also elaborate our friendship in strong all-round bilateral relations . on that score we can proudly say that in our five years of democracy , ties between South Africa and China have grown stronger and broader . we are building a constructive partnership .
but to achieve that vision there must be a historic reconciliation between China and Japan , and Japan and South Korea . the countries of Northeast Asia and Southeast Asia must also be enmeshed in an ever closer union -- of markets , peoples and minds .
but in our country , unpopular policies and systems are all effectively implemented . is this the result of the government &apos;s strong hand , or is it caused by the people &apos;s weakness , fear of government , their silence and meek acceptance of adversity ?
as the number of migrants declined , the government closed the Whitehead Detention Centre in June and the Kai Tak Vietnamese migrant Transit Centre was closed at the end of March , leaving High Island as the only Detention Centre for Vietnamese migrants and illegal immigrants .
as Singaporeans , we must be mindful that Singapore is our home . we should pride ourselves as Singaporeans before we consider ourselves as being of Chinese stock . although Chinese lineage is our proud heritage , we must recognise the difference between race and nationality .
another set of experiments a year later on monkeys showed that the same principle could be applied to primates . in this test the scientists even managed to get the monkeys to use mind control to operate robotic arms over the Internet some 600 miles away .
and guess what , she wore that bracelet , the one with several rhinestones missing . and I bet on that special day , Jean Thompson smelled just like ... well , just like the way Teddy remembered his mother smelling on their last Christmas together .
and each is a commitment to a partnership for development and reconstruction . and yet , unique as this relationship between two countries may be , it is also shaped by general factors which define the challenges facing humanity as our century draws to a close .
although creative thinking may have been promoted since some time ago in the West , it is only budding in Singapore . someone even commented that creative thinking cannot be taught , but nurtured . hence , attempts to hasten the significant task is uncalled for .
all government departments requiring legal advice receive it from the Secretary for Justice . she is the representative of the Government of the HKSAR in all actions brought by , or against , it . she is also responsible for the drafting of all government legislation .
a third decisive factor is the vital role of venture capitalists who willingly support promising start-ups with urgently needed initial capital to get them started . some would even give failed entrepreneurs a second chance if convinced that a fresh concept might lead to eventual success .
a quality workforce is the pride of Singapore . it is also an important factor in achieving economic prosperity and one of the government &apos;s development strategies . in a changing and competitive global economy , what should the characteristics of Singapore &apos;s manpower development be ?
a new and possibly more virulent version of the &quot; Code Red &quot; computer worm was detected circulating the Internet over the weekend , attacking machines and leaving them vulnerable to other intruders , The Systems Administration , networking and Security Institute ( Sans ) reported .
Spring rolled around far too quickly . I had known all along that I would eventually have to release squeak . still , it is hard to let go of something you &apos;ve treasured -- even when you know it &apos;s the right thing to do .
Singapore captured those men , but since then bombs have gone off in Manila , Zamboanga and Bali most likely perpetrated by the same group . so do we really believe we can find all the terrorists , not only of today but of the future ?
Shedding-Don &apos;t panic -- shedding hair is normal . we all lose 40 to 100 hairs a day as part of the body &apos;s natural cycle . but if you notice an increase in hair loss , the most common reason is a slight iron deficiency .
I wouldn &apos;t mind , but I &apos;m utterly convinced that Other half &apos;s deafness is selective . when I mention a subject close to his manly heart namely , sport , engine valves or something and he hears it all , clear as a bell .
I share Prof Yu Qiuyu &apos;s view that it is easier for China to become an economic power than regaining its cultural primacy , which it commanded during the glorious Tang Dynasty ( AD 618-907 ) when it was the most advanced country in the world .
I received a jolt in the late 1970s when I landed a position in a community service organisation . it was a cultural shock to work with colleagues who spoke mainly in Mandarin or ungrammatical English ; and who exhibited mind-sets quite different from my own .
I quickly glance at my watch . &quot; he &apos;ll be there soon , Do you mind if we stay a bit longer today ? &quot; I ask Angela . &quot; I don &apos;t want to go back until I know he has definitely finished . &quot;
Chinese Indonesians have always been involved actively in the development of the country . the emergence of China as an economic powerhouse has created favourable conditions and there is no better time than now for Chinese Indonesians to lead the country out of the economic rut .
7.Find substitutes for alcohol that you enjoy at parties . try one of the new mineral waters with a twist of lime or lemon , or sip some fruit juice . break the habit of thinking that you need to drink to have a good time .
2.Don &apos;t send unsolicited pictures . instead , focus on potential partners &apos; interests and needs and speak to them . your ability to tolerate a cat , for instance , can often be more important to a cat-fancying woman than nine inches of photoshop enhancement .
&quot; right now , we address climate change on the basis of a painfully short climate record , just the past 150 years or so that instruments have recorded , &quot; deMenocal says . &quot; we now have to releam history on a long-term scale . &quot;
&quot; not here too ! &quot; he thought , for in the line of duty Robusto has seen many corpses . &quot; I brushed the first three toes with my hand . they were rough and hard . I knew the foot was not human . &quot;
&quot; most times , we &apos;re just seeing the outer skin boiling off.With comet C / linear , we were given an opportunity to look inside , break the egg open , and check it out , &quot; said Science author Hal Weaver of Johns Hopkins University
&quot; it &apos;s a year on and you still miss nirn , don &apos;t you ? I know you do . you say brave things and you are brave things and you are coping really well but the pain is there , isn &apos;t it ? &quot;
$ 1 today is also known as the present value of the $ 1.05 expected in a year , given the one-year interest rates of 5 % .The relationship between present value , future value and interest rates is given by the simple discounting formula : -
yet those on-line commentators would pale beside the speaker who voices his opinion on an issue directly to the public . that is why people were excited with a babble of comments when they were told recently that there would be a Speakers &apos; corner in Singapore .
whenever I told my friends that mastering the Chinese language would also help us improve our English , they always gave me skeptical looks . for us Chinese , this is indeed true . mastering Chinese is really a way to kill two birds with one stone .
when one is abroad and gets to make new friends , the question , &quot; Where are you from ? &quot; , is one that will inevitably pop up . as the number of immigrants here rises , more Singaporeans are asking new acquaintances this same question .
what you say and do will have a profound impact on the lives of your charges . you will be helping to shape the hearts and minds of the next generation . the power in your hands is tremendous and I urge you to use it well .
what may be the portrait of a young and still serene Tiberius , who reigned during the time of Christ , has been badly blackened by sulfur produced by algae . at its worst , the reaction destroys the fine detail of the bronze caster &apos;s art .
what can we learn from the experience of the Swiss ? though it is a small country lacking in natural resources , its people are good at utilising highly skilled manpower and modern technology . they combine these advantages with their native products to develop their industry .
we used to label various enterprises as large or small , traditional or high-tech , but that classification is no longer valid.If a company makes traditional products by high-tech means , then it is a high-tech enterprise . traditional products do not disqualify the producer from high-tech .
today the use of cosmetics is accepted everywhere , and it is common to see women and girls making up in public . the cosmetics industry is one of the largest in many countries , and large sums of money go to the owners of beauty salons .
to draw the various strands together , the Ministry of Education sought to provide a holistic picture of the outcomes we hope to achieve . in January this year , a document entitled The desired outcomes of Education was published and issued to all schools and teachers .
to do this , the board brings together key players from the private sector and the government to determine and promote recommended solutions to problems . it acts as a focal point for ideas and opinions expressed by port operators and for anyone affected by port expansion .
to cope with the increasing demand for the treatment of female addicts , Chi Ma wan Detention Centre ( Lower ) was converted to a female drug addiction treatment centre with facilities for 250 female inmates . the centre came into operation on December 16 , 1996 .
to be sure , you can &apos;t see these particles . in fact , if you look at a piece of paper or at some other objects , it doesn &apos;t seem to be made of particles at all . it seems to be one solid piece .
this power of plants is named photosynthesis ( from the Greek words for light and putting together ) . men and animals depend on photosynthesis in plants to supply their food and energy . we and the animals either eat plants or eat plant-eating animals or both .
these experiences led in that country also to an early example of the direct involvement of the government in creating a stronger research organization , complementing the university system , the Kaiser Wilhelm Institutes in Germany , now known as Max plank Institutes , founded in 1919 .
there was a rising trend of left-hand-drive vehicles stolen in the United States , Taiwan and Japan being smuggled into the Mainland via Hong Kong . close liaison between Hong Kong Police and overseas counterparts has led to the interception of several major consignments in Hong Kong .
the visitors were given a briefing by an officer in a construction that looked like a barn . later we learnt that it was a civilian house , which would become a centre of military communications and command whenever there was an army unit under training there .
the second much-prized value represents an about-turn away from an old-time virtue , namely , from conformity to individuality.Decades ago , Americans in the business world would wear gray suits , one looking like another . individuality was a sin that was booed in the mainstream society .
the rapid progress in technological developments has made life much more convenient for us . machines have taken over the more mechanical aspects of our work . what is more , unlike human beings , they can operate 24 hours non-stop and are always at our service .
the new port is vital , not only for Hong Kong , but for southern China , one of the fastest industrializing areas in the world . more than 64 per cent of cargo passing through Hong Kong is entrep2 ? trade with the mainland of China .
the network of advisory and statutory bodies is a distinctive feature of the system of government . it seeks to obtain , through consultation with interested groups and individuals in the community , the best possible advice on which to base decisions or to perform statutory functions .
the music Office was set up by the government in 1977 and taken over by the two municipal councils on August 1 , 1995 . they maintain its objective of promoting music among the public , especially among young people , through the provision of music training .
the moon is the nearest heavenly body to the earth . an airplane cannot fly to the moon , beacuse the air only reaches a height of 240 kilometres . then there is no air . but a rocket can fly even when there is no air .
the minorities in Singapore , i.e. the Malays , Indians and Eurasians , will also feel a little uneasy and wonder whether there will be a place for non-Chinese-speaking Singaporeans in Singapore . this kind of sentiment will certainly weaken the sense of racial harmony in Singapore .
the love of the Chinese literati for their language has never been affected by the state of the world around them . many great literary works were written in the worst possible environment , when the authors were in the throes of great physical and spiritual pain .
the development of Hong Kong &apos;s economic base has enabled the public sector to increase spending on housing , education , social welfare and health over the years - from $ 24.34 billion in 1987 / 88 to an estimated $ 126.87 billion in 1997 / 98 .
the atmosphere , though sizzling as per every World Cup year , was exceptionally charged this World Cup . as the games proceeded with the predicted dropout of China and the unexpected early exit of Japan , South Korea shone on as the solo bright Asian light .
the Malaysian debaters did a good job , but their rivals performed even more admirably . all being skilful orators , the Chinese team were so eloquent and quick-witted that , without aid from card notes , their words flowed forth liberally to become polished impromptu speeches .
the Hong Kong dance Company is the only professional Chinese dance company in Hong Kong to present Chinese traditional and folk dances and original dance dramas on Chinese and Hong Kong themes . the company presented five productions in 1997 , attracting 9737 people to 17 performances .
the Friends of Regional Council Town halls Scheme continues to build up core supporters for the three major civic centres , promoting their interests in the performing arts and enriching their cultural experience through greater participation . it attracted a total of 1746 members during the year .
the Antiquities Advisory Board and its executive arm , the Antiquities and monuments Office ( AMO ) , continue to promote public awareness of the importance of Hong Kong &apos;s cultural heritage through exhibitions , guided tours , publications , lectures , workshops and community involvement projects .
size - identify the size of the fund in which you are being invited to invest . small funds are a danger signal . also identify the size of the fund company , and how many funds it offers . a single-fund fund company should be avoided .
severe weather phenomena that can affect Hong Kong include tropical cyclones , strong winter and summer monsoon winds , monsoon troughs and thunderstorms with associated squalls that are most frequent from April to September . Waterspouts and hailstorms occur infrequently , while snow and tornadoes are rare .
perhaps we can answer some of these questions now . what is the sky ? it is vast space . where is the sky ? it is all around the world . in the sky there is the sun , the moon , and all the stars .
other highlights included the popular concerts in Government House , a fund-raising performance by violinist Pinchas Zukerman , Mozart &apos;s Magic Flute , and Martin Y Soler Una Cosa Rara . the latter opera was the featured attraction of the Spanish Week at the Academy during November .
or , can the strengthening of ethnic identity be at the same time inclusive , integrative , and additive to the larger national supra-ethnic Singapore identity ? can we create a win-win situation whereby a gain in ethnic identity would strengthen and not weaken the national identity ?
one way Nicastro is trying to prove that idea is by analyzing a range of vocalizations of domestic cats and then screening people &apos;s reactions to them . to compare his results , he &apos;s working on doing the same based on the calls of wild cats .
one of the most exciting questions to which scientists are seeking an answer is , &quot; Are there living things anywhere else in the universe ? is the earth the only body in the whole enormous universe where human beings or anything like human beings exist ? &quot;
no matter what the cause , the current economic situation has led to the emergence of a large number of unemployed Singaporeans , who are becoming increasingly anxious not only because they have no jobs , but also because they have put their families in dire straits .
mutual Aid Committees are building-based resident organisations , established to improve the security , cleanliness and general management of multi-storey buildings . the 73 Area Committees and 3336 Mutual Aid Committees provide an extensive network of communication between the Government and the people at the grassroots level .
most venues for cultural events and sports and recreational activities are built and managed by the Provisional Urban and Regional Councils . they range from major venues such as the Hong Kong Stadium and Hong Kong Cultural Centre to smaller indoor recreation centres and community arts centres .
meaningfully , many other scholars had to respond by issuing a joint statement to pledge their dutiful compliance with the bonds they had accepted . it seems proper and correct that , at this juncture , they should clarify their own position or express their righteous indignation .
like when we first came into being as a republic in 1965 , the odds too were stacked against us ; Singapore , an unlikely team to advance into the next round . but advance we did . and to the next round and the next round .
leaving behind much of the excitement felt as a child , age and further education has allowed me to reflect on my sense of belonging and the basis upon which it stems , aside from the flags , the songs ... in a word , the intangibles .
it is said that a dog is a man &apos;s best friend . in affluent societies , dogs are kept as pets . dogs and man have always enjoyed a close relationship . but when Chinese are compared to dogs , it gives rise to emotionally-charged responses .
instead , e are too obsessed with achieving excellent examination results as the ultimate goal in education , leaving our young with hardly any time to pursue other interests that will give them a more balanced education and help make student life more fulfilling and less stressful .
indeed , Singapore has been an experiment in cultural fusion , as it combines the culture of south China and the management system of the West.If our experiment can keep on bearing fruit , won &apos;t it provide some inspiration to China in her quest for modernisation ?
in light of the factors mentioned earlier , these are formidable obstacles to promoting greater social interaction among Singaporeans.Unfamiliarity and lack of genuine interest in each other &apos;s culture and way of life are , in my view , two major impediments that need to be overcome .
in effect , the party &apos;s stand is not very different from an existing view that Taiwan is already a sovereign state . this deviates from the party &apos;s traditional clamour for independence and is certain to widen the rift between its moderate and more radical members .
in Singapore , the different racial communities have been moulded into a nation by their shared experiences before and after independence . over the years , we have all accumulated common experiences and stakes which now form part of our collective history , pysche and value system .
in November , the ICAC hosted the Fifth Regional seminar on Corruption-Related Crime attended by representatives of local law enforcement agencies and those in the Pacific Rim region . the ICAC now produces a quarterly newsletter on matters of mutual interest for anti-corruption agencies in the region .
in 1972 divers raised a gigantic foot from about the same location , although precise geographic coordinates were not taken . this bronze , of the late Roman imperial era , is consistent with the recent discoveries and may even have been part of the same cargo .
if and when I find a respectable tenant , which may be difficult in these difficult times , I hope ( s ) he , like me , will think of red as a wonderful vibrant colour that wears well extremely even as a buff-coloured wall ages .
if a leader sets a bad example , it will be followed by his subordinates . when two former presidents were involved in massive corruption , would lower-ranking officials not follow suit ? this is a key reason why rampant corruption in the country cannot be eradicated .
herein , of course , lies a fundamental difference in the way decisions are made . the power to make decisions has remained an absolute one , though the autocrat could exercise the power every day whereas the whole population do so only once in four years .
good progress continued to be made on the development of the new airport . with its opening set for July 6 , 1998 , planning for the transfer of the aviation business and overall airport operations from Kai Tak to the new airport is in full swing .
getting personalEach year , 78 percent of us cash in coupons . the newest twist : personalized product pitches . working with Internet coupon firms , some companies are creating customized coupons and sending them to consumers in hope of luring them into stores and bossting sales .
generally , Singapore impresses foreigners as a well-governed society in which people abide by laws . Publicorder is good , but people are subject to various restrictions . political slogans are rare , but posters can be seen everywhere to warn people of fines for various offences .
from my own observations , I find that the university students in Singapore are a passive lot . due to prolonged exposure under an education system which emphasises crammingand unidirectional teaching , most university students here do not like to speak out or ask questions in class .
for example , corruption , collusion and nepotism should be condemned by all Asians . they have nothing to do with Asian values . to put it more accurately , they have everything to do with bad Asian values but nothing to do with good Asian values .
five Chinese ports , including Canton , were also opened for trade . the commercial treaty was embodied in the supplementary Treaty of the Bogue ( Humen ) in October 1843 , by which the Chinese were allowed free access to Hong Kong Island for trading purposes .
first of all , the region holds strategic significance to Beijing &apos;s relationship with Taiwan . on one hand , countries in the region have always been on good terms with Taiwan , with their government leaders pledging friendship and non-governmental sectors keeping close ties among them .
first , networks alter the basic economics of industry . they slash the costs of transactions . airlines around the world estimate that , on average , it costs about $ 8 to process a ticket . the same transaction on the Net costs only $ 1 .
festivals in an agricultural society coincide with the change in the seasons . after a bumper harvest in autumn and the Winter Solstice , people begin to feel increasingly excited about ushering in the Spring Festival , or Chinese New Year , as the weather gets colder .
ever since I was Prince of Wales , and later on when I occupied the throne , I have been treated with the greatest kindness by all classes of the people wherever I have lived or journeyed throughout the empire . for that I am very grateful .
due to rigorous enforcement action , the establishment of more formal avenues for liaison and the exchange of information between Marine Police and their counterparts in the adjacent provinces in the Mainland and abroad , smuggling activities involving tai feis and Chung feis have continued to drop .
commuters are no doubt familiar with automated Vending machines at MRT stations which they can use to top up the value of their fare cards . the machine will tell you when to slide your fare card in and when to insert your ATM card for approval .
by an arrangement not long ago , former students of the defunct Nantah were recognised as alumni of NTU , to keep the memory and spirit of their alma mater alive . unfortunately , similar arrangements have yet to be suggested for other schools extinct so far .
but understand this : we may not be in government but we are whom the government works for . we can contribute and do instead of follow . we can let go of our parent &apos;s hand and grow up . now is the time to dream .
between June 29 and July 2 , 1997 , RTHK led a consortium with ATV , TVB and Wharf cable to produce a continuous 96 hours of core feed signals to broadcasters and to a satellite uplink covering the handover ceremony and the establishment of the HKSAR .
at the end of 1997 , there were 15 161 urban taxis ( coloured red ) , 2 707New Territories taxis ( green ) and 50 Lantau taxis ( blue ) , carrying a daily average of 1.1 million , 199 000 and 1 252 passengers respectively .
an important component of the government &apos;s waste disposal plan is the development of a network of refuse transfer stations . waste collected in urban centres is delivered to these stations for compacting into sealed containers for subsequent delivery to and disposal at the three strategic landfills .
an immeasurable loss has been sustained both by the militant proletariat of Europe and America , and by historical science , in the death of this man . the gap that has been left by the departure of this mighty spirit will soon enough make itself felt .
although corporate bonds carry more risk than government bonds , that risk can be controlled to a large extent by credit analysis and other checks on the is-suer and the terms of the bond . in return investors have the opportunity to achieve a good cash income .
a wide range of other outreach programmes including books and arts exhibitions , interest clubs , subject talks , children &apos;s hours and library visits were organised . in all , some 3.7 million people took part in the council &apos;s literary and outreach programme in 1997 .
a soccer team that retains championship year after year must have kept up its extraordinary performance with close coordination among its high-morale members . more importantly , the team must keep on recruiting young and promising people who will become even better players to defend the crown .
a smile costs nothing , and a greeting takes little effort . strangers the first time , acquaintances the next , as the saying goes . but it is easier understood than done.Understanding without feeling like acting upon it － that is the problem with many Singaporeans .
Staliman &apos;s move resonated round the computer science community and now there are thousands of similar projects . the star of the movement is Linux , an operating system created by Finnish student Linus Torvalds in the early 1990s and installed on around 18 million computers worldwide .
I would mull quickly over my options . I could tell her how many times Sean had watched &quot; toy Story 2 &quot; in the previous two days ( seven ) or the number of Cheerios Jeremy had eaten off the kitchen floor ( several dozen ) .
Hong Kong &apos;s population was estimated at 6617100 atend-1997 - up 3 per cent from a year earlier . this was due to 28100 more births than deaths and a net inflow of 167700 persons . the annual population growth rate over the decade averaged 1.7 percent .
Asians do not react negatively when Americans talk about their belief in American values and ideals and Europeans in theirs . why does the West react in such a negative way when Asians profess their belief in Asian values ? I think there are three possible reasons .
Ante-natal and post-natal care is provided in institutions for female inmates , but babies are normally delivered in public hospitals . Siu Lam Psychiatric Centre treats prisoners with mental health problems , and offers psychiatric consultations and assessments for inmates referred by other institutions and the courts .
4.Ability to organize will definitely be important in the corporation of the future . everywhere there will be a need to organize something : resources , workflow , marketing mix , financial opportunities , and much more , all will demand high levels of organization and reorganization .
&quot; what was all that about with Dominic ? &quot; Angela asks me . &quot; we were late this morning . I tell her . ‘ The alarm went off but I just lay there wishing it was Saturday. wishing everything would just stop for a while .
&quot; in the past , media planners did not see divorcees as a market with disposable income , but now the amount of money women spend on themselves goes up after divorce , &quot; says Martin Raymond , editor of the bi - annual trends magazine viewpoint .
young people have always been one of the priority targets in the department &apos;s preventive education work . apart from regularly conducting anti-corruption talks for 85 000 secondary and tertiary school leavers , the department also joined other organisations to promulgate work ethics among young people at work .
works on the sha Tin ATC system continue and , upon completion in early 1998 , will cover 83 junctions . a related CCTV system with 19 cameras will be completed in 1999 . plans to expand the ATC and CCTV systems to other new towns are continuing .
up to December , a total of 97 police officers participated in special training programmes conducted by overseas experts on video recorded interviews with vulnerable witnesses , and 38 of these trained officers are serving in the CAIUs . the training programmes covered various issues of child protection .
undoubtedly , there are psychological barriers that make us reluctant to speak up.On Teachers &apos; Day in 1980 , a junior college teacher from the United Kingdom walked into class that morning only to find it empty . but there was a stalk of vegetables on every desk .
to have a sense of belonging is crucial to our continuance . this feeling of belonging entails loving and being loved . should that be hard for a people who worked hand in hand to pave an amazing 36 years of progress ? I shouldn &apos;t think so .
to further promote the Sport-for-All concept , a series of major programmes such as the Corporate Games , Masters Games , Gold Card fitness Scheme , Come and try Scheme , Senior Citizens recreation and Sports Fortnight , and recreation and Sports highlights for disabled Persons were organised .
this is a wider spread than Ford would expect to pay in the US or Europe . Ford may be willing to pay this extra at present as a means of building goodwill among Singapore investors , which it hopes will be to its benefit in later years .
this enormous increase of population will create immense problems . by 21th century , unless something terrible happens , there will be as many as 7000000000 people on the surface of the earth ! so this is a problem which you are going to see in your lifetime .
there is a readers &apos; forum in zaobao.com , which I visited almost every day during the presidential election in Taiwan.I found a large volume of views and responses posted thereby enthusiastic Chinese surfers from all parts of the world.The experience has been a great eye-opener for me .
the second lesson that East Asians can learn from Europe is the capacity and willingness of its members to engage in a free and candid exchange of views no matter how controversial the issue . such openness does not exist in East Asia , not even in ASEAN .
the second challenge is that , in this New Economy , economic competitiveness hinges on people &apos;s innovation and imagination . some people may say that traditional Chinese culture will clash with an innovative society that we are pursuing . I beg to disagree with such a view .
the rats also quickly learnt to associate the stimulation of their brains &apos; reward centers with simply walking forwards , even if this involved climbing or descending ladders or steps , or moving into the center of a brightly lit room -- something that most rats would avoid .
the processes in which South Africa and Southern Africa as a whole are engaged , beckon and urge us all that we take this tide at the flood and make of this region a living example of what all people of conscience would like the world to be .
the potential danger now is the gradual fad in importance of science while technology continues to expand in an uncontrolled manner . what conseqences it implies for the future of civilisation of mankind is certainly no cause for optimism . perhaps it is another topic for further discussion .
the number of VMs continued to decrease in 1997 when 5-846 were repatriated . with the declining Vietnamese population in detention centres , the Whitehead Detention Centre was closed in June 1997 , which was a landmark achievement in the final chapter of the whole Vietnamese migrant saga .
the media felt a sense of duty to safeguard the president &apos;s dignity and prestige and kept the condition from the people . besides , Roosevelt &apos;s physical handicap did not affect his ability to govern and it was in the interests of the nation to protect him .
the lion Rock tunnel , linking Kowloon and sha Tin , began single-tube operation in 1967 , with a second tube added in 1978 . the 1.4-kilometretunnel is the most heavily used government tunnel , with 97 000 vehicles daily . the toll was $ 6 in 1997 .
the implementation of the policy to provide housing for all eligible married local Police officers of the rank of Superintendent and below continued . the Force now manages 12 514 departmental quarters , of which 11 608 are for junior Police Officers and 683 are for inspectorate officers .
the ensuing losses , both on a personal and national level , were inestimable and irreplaceable . Prof Luo Xianglin , a foremost authority on genealogy , lamented that China &apos;s cultural accumulation over several millennia was reduced substantially to ruins in a few months of unmitigated madness .
the elderly gentleman opened one of the books . I repeated Mandarin verses after him . then he taught me to prepare ink with the black stick and a little water . holding and guiding my right hand , he wrote a number of Chinese words with me .
the birth rate continued to decline , from 13 per 1000 in 1987 to nine per 1000 in 1997 , while the death rate remained at about five per 1000 . consequently , the rate of natural increase dropped from eight to four per 1000 over the decade .
the best guess for now is that C / linear &apos;s unusual delicacy was its downfall . the pieces of the comet &apos;s nucleus appear to have been loosely assembled , so that they broke apart soon after the icy &quot; glue &quot; in between began to vaporize .
the Wild Animals Protection ordinance prohibits the hunting of wild animals or the possession , sale or export of protected wild animals from Hong Kong . it also restricts unauthorised entry to important wildlife habitats , such as the Mai Po Marshes and the Yim Tso Ha Egretry .
the Personnel Services branch ( PSB ) provides a wide range of support services for Force members and their families . during the year , PSB staff conducted 4 603 casework interviews and made 7 446 visits to sick and injured officers in hospital or at their homes .
the Ministry of Education has spared no efforts to promote IT learning.What is its main aim ? is it to teach students how to learn the computer or is it meant to change the traditional method of teaching in order to match students &apos; keen interest in computers ?
the Chung Ying theatre Company continued its endeavours to promote original plays and Theatre-in-Education . highlights for 1997 included Dragon Island as the programme celebrating reunification , the black comedy The professional , the innovative Three Men &apos;s Dreams and the children &apos;s workshop giant wa La La .
the Ambulance Command Training School had a very tight training schedule in the year . to cope with the increase in demand for emergency ambulance services , the school trained 156 recruit ambulance men from April . it also ran 18 refresher and re-certification courses for 231ambulance personnel .
the ACP transport corridor is designed to cater for traffic to the new airport and to relieve congestion on existing roads . it comprises the WHC , West Kowloon expressway , Kwai Chung and Tsing Yi sections of Route 3 , Lantau link , and North Lantau expressway .
since it is true that love is necessary for happiness and warmth in life , not only for people in the East , but also in the West , this makes the need for people to love and care for one another an idea that has no boundaries .
recent media reports of an excellent local collection of bonsai plants finding a home in Shanghai have sparked a series of reactions . many have expressed a sense of regret and disappointment . but what has been lost cannot be recovered and the discussion has gradually died down .
recent data released by a population census has raised concern in the Chinese community about the future of the Chinese language . just how appalling is the standard of Chinese here ? one may get a rough idea from a recent official Chinese-language booklet that contained embarrassing errors .
rainfall in October amounted to only 112.8 millimetres or 32 millimetres below average . however , the accumulated rainfall since January 1 of 3 329.4 millimetres was 55 per cent above the normal figure , surpassing the previous record maximum annual rainfall of 3247.5 millimetres set in 1982 .
politically , the mainstream of public opinion now is for both the ruling and opposition parties to focus on doing more work for the people and engage less in power struggle and in-fighting . Taiwanese also hope to see an end to the island &apos;s notorious money politics .
over the summer , my wife , Lisa , mentioned that she had the opportunity to take a weeklong business trip to Los Angeles with some colleagues . that meant I would have to take a week off to watch Sean and Jeremy . what did I think ?
our cities have many factories , which we need to make food products , clothing and many other things . every day these factories pour millions upon millions of tons of smoke and soot into the air . power plants that burn coal add greatly to air pollution .
other men filled balloon with a gas called hydrogen . hydrogen is much lighter than air . balloons filled with this gas were able to travel long distances . but the men in the baskets underneath could not steer them . they went where the wind took them .
of course , crime cannot be eradicated even with tough laws and severe punishment . but the deterrent effect will make it clear to potential law-breakers that crime does not pay . an efficient administration of justice , meritocracy and good leadership are the reasons for our success .
nowhere in the WTO agreement , which took 15 years to negotiate , is it specified that Beijing must undertake political reform . but many Chinese academics and other experts believe that , without changes to government , China may be unable to deliver on its WTO promises .
not long ago , I was told by some friends in the university that a Chinese-language teacher doing further studies in the Chinese Studies Department , had told her professor in all seriousness that she preferred to be known by her English , rather than Chinese , name .
no one can dispute that corruption is a universal disease that transcends racial and cultural barriers . but with determination , every nation can make it difficult for the guilty ones to profit by their ill-gotten gains , and to get away from the legal punishment with impunity .
my protest falls on deaf , un-believing ears . half a minute later , however , a more accommodating e-mail message reads : &quot; it &apos;s OK , you can proceed . it is the last day of Qi Yue and our geomancer says it is auspicious . &quot;
more is to come for Singaporeans to feast their eyes and ears on . the newspaper conglomerate will be running a radio and a TV station whereas the TV operator will be publishing a newspaper . the future holds an even greater selection of information for our people .
more importantly , the outlook of the Chinese community in Singapore has been attuned to its geopolitical environment . the Singaporean Chinese recognise and accept that Chinese culture and Mandarin must be advanced within the multiracial context of Singapore and the political and social milieu of Southeast Asia .
men generally think of themselves as decision-makers , and not as shoulders to cry on . so when a person pours out his or her troubles to a man , the latter hastens to give advice . it would be better if he simply lent a sympathetic ear .
many countries have , or are in the process of creating , their own &quot; Silicon Valley &quot; . so far , none has as yet threatened the preeminence of the US prototype . what makes Silicon Valley such a unique entity ? there are several crucial factors .
it is not hard to see that within this new Net economy , especially with its electronic currency and virtual banks , lurks an imminent danger . the writer will elaborate on this danger after expounding the other characteristic of the era of the knowledge-based economy -- globalisation .
it is encouraging to note that in recent dialogue sessions with government leaders , Malay representatives from all levels had brought up and discussed frankly problems of concern to them . such exchanges will enhance understanding and trust among different groups and contribute to a more cohesive society .
in the long history of man &apos;s inventiveness , discoverers seem to into two classes . the first is the ingenious person who sets out to the solution to a problem . the second is the lucky one who appears to stumble upon something by &quot; accident &quot; .
in the local business community , &quot; hitching a ride &quot; from China and gaining a better understanding of the emerging economic powerhouse are now both much-talked-about topics . the focus , however , tends to be on present-day China , with hardly any interests in its past .
in addition , completing the hanyu pinyin course does not mean that our students have acquired the ability to conversein Chinese . if we do not provide room and opportunities for the use of Chinese , it will be difficult for our students to be conversant in Chinese .
in accordance with the Basic Law , the Legislative Council of the HKSAR is constituted by elections , and the method for its formation is to be specified in the light of the actual situation in the HKSAR in accordance with the principle of gradual and orderly progress .
in August , the academy hosted dance On &apos; 97 . it founded this annual festival and conference in 1987 as the International Festival of dance Academies and it was based in Hong Kong until 1991 . since then , a different country has been host each year .
if ever I become a parent , I will bring my children camping . I will show them that cooking food in a mess tin over a campfire is fun . I will teach them that there is nothing dirty about lying on a sleeping bag over grass .
human society keeps moving forward as new things replace those dying out . yet there can be no perfect designs for the emergence of new things . so , to ensure progress , it is crucial to strike a balance between the positive and negative aspects of kiasuism .
how it works : chemotherapy , in a sense , is like dropping a bomb on a cancer tumor . it kills normal cells as well as cancerous cells , and this why patients receiving chemotherapy so often suffer from nausea , hair loss and other side effects .
herd Instinct--Some investors buy shares when they see hectic buying in the market by other investors , i.e. chasing the price of the stock up . huge price fluctuations can occur and fade very quickly leaving naive investors stranded and holding on to stocks purchased at high prices .
her friends nearby then started pouring out their woes about which subjects they found hard , and so on . pessimism again , in these all-too-familiar remarks about Singapore &apos;s education system , widely regarded as too results-oriented , and I wondered why I even bothered to ask .
going away during the New Year is now commonplace , sometimes involving whole families or extended families . in extreme cases , some would even seek temporary refuge in a local hotel so as to avoid being visited by relatives and friends , or having to visit them .
founded in 1977 , the Hong Kong Arts Centre is an independent , non-profit making and multi-disciplinary arts organisation , presenting both mainstream and contemporary performing , visual , film and video arts and arts education programmes that are accessible and fulfilling to as many people as possible .
fortunately , there is now a belated recognition that &quot; failure is the mother of success &quot; , and that it should not be held against talented people.Instead , they should be given every encouragement and financial assistance to help them succeed and make their contributions to society .
five years ago , technology was the dominant impetus . but since then an ever stronger momentum has been generated by such players as wealth , stocks , and Internet , which are more than technology . indeed , they stem from the spirit of innovation and initiative .
during the year , 107 000 souvenirs were sold through the HKTA &apos;s two information and gift centres and at 45 outlets in hotels and major tourist areas . the association also assisted in the booking of local sightseeing tours for 18 000 visitors through the two centres .
creativity is a very wide scope that covers all fields . creativity is the driving force behind the development of technology , the economy , the arts and culture . this article attempts to look at the issue of creativity from the technological , cultural and historical perspectives .
but , ironically , sometimes the most idealistic decisions can yield the most practical gains . this is especially so in the New Economy which , I &apos;ll argue , can accommodate more variety - in terms of interests - than anything we could imagine in the past .
at this point of time , to avoid a worldwide catastrophe , Muslims must unite to make others see their political and cultural distinctions . Muslims , like the Jews and Christians and followers of other religions of the world , truly feel the pain of lost lives .
as symbolised by the new building for the House , Singapore &apos;s parliamentary democracy has grown into adulthood . today , blessed with better opportunities of education and easier access to information , people have gained a wider and more realistic understanding of politics , freedom and democracy .
as mentioned earlier , the economic slowdown is an opportune time for us to consolidate our economy and put it on a healthier plane . let &apos;s take this opportunity to tap our present strength and acquire a greater will to further develop the &quot; People Sector &quot; .
another problem is that within the German-speaking areas , the people speak a variety of German dialects called Swiss German , which is different from the Standard German ( or High German ) taught in schools . this has created some communication problems between German-speaking and non-German-speaking Swiss .
another popular fable circulating in Kabul is that the Russians have a duplicate set of the seven keys . others claim that a renegade band of Soviet troops broke into the vault in the last hours before they abandoned Kabul and replaced some of the treasure with fakes .
and what is the special significance of the suggestion to the future of Singapore , as it is encouraging the citizenry to look towards the outside world and recruiting talent from abroad to help boost a knowledge-based economy ? we need to delve more deeply into these questions .
among the messages to Zaobao online &apos;s forum , quite a few were intended to mobilise people for another kind of political protest . some activists circulated open letters and petitions blaming the motherland of the overseas Chinese , for the helplessness and vulnerability of the Chinese Indonesians .
all life on our earth depends , in one way or another , on the sun . without its light and warmth , there would be no life . the sun gives us our food and our clothing material . it even gives us our coal , too .
all government departments were required to prepare an annual training and development plan so that their departmental strategic objectives and corporate goals could be more effectively supported by T &amp; D activities . a guide was issued in November to facilitate departments in preparing and improving their plan .
actually , people need not condemn the potential bond-breakers or feel shocked at their deeds and words , as these are natural results of the causes . nor should we conveniently lay the blame on an influx of Western individualism or an undesirable anxiety to achieve quick success .
a recent study in the UK , sponsored by RSA Data Security , found that two - thirds of organisations with wireless networks were risking their data in this way . security experts patrolled several streets in the City of London seeking evidence of wireless networks in operation .
a place which can make one grow fond of , and identify with , must have its charm and attraction . a scenic environment , a warm and caring people , a gracious society , good living conditions and more opportunities for success are just some possible reasons .
Singapore students often complain about the tremendous stress of schoolwork . yet many parents who are determined to see their children succeed in life , insist on private tuition for them and in some cases , for almost every subject . this can do more harm than good .
Predator spy planes , capable of staying aloft for 24 hours on station , and JSTARS surveillance planes , equipped with radar that can monitor ground movements across a vast area , tracked them from the moment they left Kabul -- despite their elaborate efforts to avoid detection .
Justices of the Peace visit penal institutions and VM centres fortnightly or monthly , depending on the type of institution . they investigate complaints , inspect diets and report on living and working conditions.They may also advise the Commissioner of correctional Services on employment opportunities for released prisoners .
I know of many teachers who take time to listen to their students &apos; personal problems , who visit their students &apos; families at home after school hours to better understand their home environment , and of some who even help needy students pay their way through school .
I do not see a world without nuclear weapons . but I do see one where the awesome power of these weapons has made world war obsolete as an instrument of policy . for that reason , I do not believe there will be a Third World War .
I am well aware of the dire consequences of fertility falling below the replacement rate in the long run . but human life is short while life and growth in the universe continue endlessly . our ideas and views are not static but will change with the times .
Hong Kong has a very rich cultural life , with eight professional performing companies and hundreds of amateur groups , offering the community a wide range of arts activities . the Provisional Urban and Regional Councils run 17 major arts venues at various accessible locations throughout Hong Kong .
Chinese mediators also use the ingenious strategy of social exchange in restoring relationships . when a mediator agrees to mediate , there is an implicit understanding among all parties that he or she is bestowing a favour . as such the parties are obliged to return the favour .
Chinese literature has a very long history and has witnessed some turbulent times . no other language has the ability to let readers enjoy so many literary works that are more than 3,000 years old , nor let them benefit so greatly from the wisdom of the ancients .
Chinese Premier Zhu Rongji is currently on his tour to four South-East Asian countries . not long ago , Chinese President Jiang Zemin visited the same region . the unusual visits by China &apos;s top leaders within merely a year highlight the importance Beijing accords to the region .
1 、 In place of a cold and stereotyped announcement requesting people to switch off hand phones or pagers , organisers , should come up with a more creative approach that would appeal to their civic responsibility , consideration for the artistes and the uninterrupted enjoyment of everyone .
&quot; they are , and you and your friend there can take ten of the best ones but only ten . &quot; the boys seemed perplexed and ask the old man why just ten . &quot; because it &apos;s the only way they &apos;ve ever been picked &quot; .
young male offenders identified as having special needs are , on discharge from a training centre or the detention centre , housed at Phoenix House for up to three months before they are permitted to live at home or in other places while they continue to receive after-care supervision .
work progressed well on the government facilities , including the air traffic control complex and tower , the Government flying Service Building , an airmail centre , a police station and three fire stations . additional government facilities were being developed to support the operation of the northern runway .
when times are good and everyone has a job , people can live with each other peacefully . but with the economy now slowing down considerably and many locals losing their jobs , fingers are pointed at us newbies for &quot; robbing the locals of their rice bowls &quot; .
what can be done to make the Chinese language , both spoken and written , one of the cultural resources that ethnic Chinese in Singapore feel proud of ? this should become the common concern of all public-minded intellectuals who care about society , political life and cultural affairs .
what &apos;s more , reviewers had also given the overall programming and publicity efforts the thumbs-up . the seven overseas productions by master artists also received more praise than criticism . if there is any major disappointment , it is that local works paled in comparison with international productions .
unfortunately , for Japan , the admission of guilt and repentance seems an impossible task . more than 50 years after the war , while it has proven its might in many fields , it simply does not have the wisdom and courage to face history and take responsibility .
under what circumstances was Singapore ceded to Britain ( Singapore officially became a British colony in 1824 ) ? why was there a Sultan living in Singapore and an Istana Kampong Glam ? ask any Singaporean the answers to these questions and you are likely to draw a blank .
to mark the 20th anniversary of the enactment of the Antiquities and monuments ordinance and the establishment of the Antiquities Advisory Board , the AMO organised the Year of Heritage project jointly with the Board and the Lord Wilson Heritage Trust . the latter sponsored most of the funding .
to learn more , NASA and the European Space Agency are planning a number of visits to comets over the next decade . one mission , called Deep Impact , will probe the interior of a comet by shooting a 770-pound ( 350-kilogram ) copper bullet through its heart .
this depended to a large extent upon the fact that national boundaries did not inhibit young scholars from studying at the universities of their choice -- from London or Paris to St. Petersburg , from Uppsala to Bologna , bringing about a first , primitive form of international cooperation .
this brings us to another point . does it mean that Chinese culture has still not made worldwide impact just because its literary works have never won a Nobel Prize ? well , not so again . Chinese culture has made it to the world thousands of years ago .
there were many Singaporean works as well . the supplementary sections of the Chinese newpapers had varied contents , the students &apos; newspapers were active , the larger schools also published collections of students &apos; works , many journalists and school teachers were also active in the literary arena .
the tireless efforts of the Singapore Foochow Association serves as a good example for other Chinese community groups to emulate . if we choose to wait until the overall situation is more conducive to the learning of the Chinese language , we may end up paying a heavier price .
the question , which is by no means new , is : can one identify strongly with one &apos;s own culture and remain nationalistic as a Singaporean ? is ( sub-national ) ethnic identity exclusive and divisive vis-a-vis national cohesiveness and national identity ? is it a zero-sum game ?
the growth of the private sector will boost the power of the community . society &apos;s ability to act as a check on the government will increase and there will also be many opportunities for a civil society to evolve . all these are no doubt conducive to democratisation .
the four main ethnic groups live in 25 cantons , all of which enjoy a high degree of autonomy , especially in the areas of language and cultural policies . thus , the teaching of language is not uniform throughout the country , there arevariations among the different cantons .
the first roots that we build together at a beloved piece of land or sea will ultimately become the foundation for a family and nation of caring people . I am very happy to say that Chek Jawa has brought out the best of these caring people in Singapore .
the diocese publishes two weekly newspapers , Kung Kao Po and The Sunday examiner . the Diocesan audio-visual Centre produces tapes and films for use in schools and parishes and the Hong Kong Catholic Social Communications Office acts as an overall information and public relations channel for the diocese .
the bureau has maintained its public education role through the promotion of domestic security by the Crime Prevention bus . the &apos; robot cop &apos; continues to provide a popular channel of communication to juveniles . it is deployed regularly to schools , youth organisations and fight crime exhibitions .
the board has injected considerable effort and resources into junior sports development . under the Go ! sport Programme , over 48 per cent of all primary and secondary schools have become involved in the programme , and more than 50 celebrities have accepted a role as programme ambassadors .
the Volrep programme is the preferred means of repatriation . the UNHCR announced in May 1997 a final deadline for joining Volrep . all Vietnamese migrants determined as non-refugees in Hong Kong were given the last chance to join the programme before the deadline of May 23 , 1997 .
the United Nations ( and its previous incarnations ) has tried for more than a century to architect peace for the world . but it has clearly failed . the grand scale horrors of the World Wars may have stopped but only in the forms they had existed before .
the Observatory exchanges weather observations with the rest of the world through the Global Telecommunications System operated under the auspices of the World Meteorological Organisation . through its telecommunication lines with Meteorological centres in Beijing , Tokyo and Bangkok , about 20 000 weather reports are received each day .
the Marine Department &apos;s Seafarers &apos; certification Section monitors training provided to seafarers and examines candidates for certificates of competency . measures have been taken to give full effect to the International Convention on Standards of Training , certification and Watch keeping for Seafarers 1978 and its 1995 amendment .
the Foreign correspondents &apos; Club offers its members social facilities and a range of professional activities , including news conferences , briefings and films . the Hong Kong Press Club , established in 1973 as the social wing of the HKJA , experienced financial difficulties and closed in October .
the Chinese language is in a rather helpless state . in designing the curriculum and restructuring the educational system , the Ministry of Education has hinted that being inadequate in Chinese will not spell the end for pupils , creating a misconception that the learning of Chinese can wait .
the Articles of Association of a com-pany usually provide for the appointment of alternate or substitute directors . when duly appointed , an alternate or substitute director will , in the absence of the di-rector who appointed him , be entitled to perform all the functions of the latter .
stone bench values also dash our hopes and dreams about lifelong learning down the lake , I mean , drain.Lifelong learning is a philosophy of life , fired by curiosity and passion . passivity places persons in an intellectual coma and is anathema to passion for learning and life .
so the faster you recognize , admit and correct your errors , the more precisely you can stay on target . success is error driven . where you stumble becomes your opportunity to make corrections , to learn and grow . let me give you a couple of examples .
seemingly outlandish words such as dim sum , ginseng , gingko , oolong cha , taiji , Qi , yin and yang and ba-gua have crept into their everyday language.The latest Chinese cultural icon to make its impact there is Feng shui , China &apos;s ancient art of placement .
secondly , though the teaching of hanyu pinyin starts in the second semester of primary one , Chinese language textbooks for the first semester should also be accompanied by hanyu pinyin---but only for the new words . there is no need to include hanyu pinyin for the whole text .
second , the continuous upgrading of telecommunications and computers . this means the falling cost and rising efficiency in the transmission , retrieval and analysis of information , makes the massive generation and application of knowledge a reality . knowledge is being used pervasively in the overall economic system .
researchers need to gather more data on past climates before this information can be used to accurately predict and design strate gies for future large and persistent climate changes , says deMenocal , but acknowledging the historic impact of these severe events is an important step toward that goal .
religion will continue to evolve . in spite of the advance in technology , mankind will never be able to grasp and control the overall development of nature and human society . individuals are also often besieged by involuntary and inexplicable feelings . therefore , religion will never disappear .
please don &apos;t overlook such openness as nothing remarkable or a mere public relations exercise by the West . for a small country , frank and honest interactions between the authorities and the public would turn whatever discord between them , if any , into harmony conducive to progress .
our government felt that at the initial stage of the media liberalisation , there was indeed unhealthy competition - with the two media groups giving each other negative coverage . this will not benefit viewers and readers and will also defeat the purpose of introducing competition in the industry .
one more example : the February 1942 mopping up Operation in Singapore that killed more than 10,000 people . in China &apos;s account of wartime atrocities by Japanese military in Asia , this is unfortunately either not recorded , or if recorded , not in great detail or inaccurate .
on the contrary , I am glad that all these years in Singapore , there has been no major issues which required a drastic social overhaul . however , this does not imply that university students in Singapore should be politically indifferent and be unconcerned about things around them .
occasionally , an aroma wafted our way and presently we saw our next-door neighbour outside our flat . &quot; come have a taste of my curry fish-head , &quot; said the auntie , smiling . &quot; I &apos;ve just learnt how to cook it at the community centre . &quot;
now that I look back , those were days with a religious fervor . kindergarten days were when I strove to cut perfectly shaped stars for my paper flag . then there were the primary school days when excitement was unfurling the national flag to hang outside the house .
now , to help creativity grow , we must first make sure we can tolerate ways and ideas different from our own . if we can &apos;t , but demand that everybody act and live as we ourselves do , then we are denying others &apos; right to individuality .
no doubt you have burned your hand on a hot oven or other hot metal objects . no doubt you have walked barefoot on a pavement that the sun had made very hot . if so , some of the heat passes by conduction into your hand or foot .
no common topics ? life itself has provided a lot to chat about － the weather , one &apos;s children or car , the European Football Championship , garbage in the neighbourhood , vegetables &apos; prices , the mail delivery time . one just needs to start a conversation .
moved by that appeal and inspired by the eminence you have thrust upon us , we undertake that we too will do what we can to contribute to the renewal of our world so that none should , in future , be described as the wretched of the earth .
most police training is designed and provided by the Force on its own resources , plus appropriate local vocational and overseas training . all newly recruited Constables and inspectors must attend a 27-week and a36-week residential course , respectively , at the Police Training School in Wong Chuk hang .
most people would describe water as a colourless liquid . they would know that in very cold conditions it becomes a solid called ice , and that when heated on a fire it becomes a vapour called steam . but water , they would say , is a liquid .
many observers , in the United States , in China and elsewhere , have wondered why some ask aloud : can two countries with such different social and economic systems continue to cooperate ? or is there an inevitable clash between socialism and capitalism that dooms cooperation to failure ?
many events that occur are actually atomic or molecular in nature . the roar of a forest fire , the flash and thunder of lightning , the sudden release of energy in an explosion -- these happenings are the results of the action and interaction of atoms and molecules .
it helped unleash the latent unhappiness of those Malays who insisted that there is indeed marginalisation of the Malays . it also allows us to examine further the whole system of governance and to ponder whether there is indeed a deliberate attempt to discriminate against the Malays in Singapore .
in view of the rapid developments in the international telecommunications market , the government and HKTI &apos;s holding company , Hong Kong Telecommunications Limited , are discussing how the international telecommunications sector should be developed to maintain Hong Kong &apos;s position as a telecommunications hub in the Asia-Pacific region .
in recent years , Hong Kong &apos;s relationship with the Mainland of China has strengthened - not only in terms of business ties but also in the extent of government contacts and the flow of people . this close relationship is the product of culture , location and history .
in order to reduce the number of terminals required in accessing different computer systems of the Force , a Common Terminal ( CT ) approach was adopted to provide end users with a single point of access on their desktop . the CT approach was successfully implemented in January .
in fact , before Zaobao online opened its forum , the gangrape of Chinese women in Indonesia had already been a hot online forum topic in the West . through the Internet , the plight of the Chinese in one country has become a political concern of all Huaren .
in Hong Kong , the newly formed Culture and Heritage Commission headed by Prof C K Chang , President of City University of Hong Kong , held its virgin meeting on May 10 , attended by Mr Tung Chee Hwa , Chief Executive of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region .
in 1997 , the Air Transport licensing Authority granted two licences : one to Dragon air and the other to AHK . at the end of 1997 , CPA held licences to operate scheduled services to 75 cities , Dragon air to 79 cities and AHK to 38 cities .
in 1997 , 88 182 applications for a Security Personnel permit were received . a replacement exercise has been conducted since May 12 , whereby Watchman &apos;s permit holders are notified in phases to apply for a Security Personnel permit . in all , 5 438 applications were received .
humanity has two meanings according to traditional oriental philosophy.Firstly and fundamentally , it represents an ideal state of human nature . questions such as what makes an ideal person and what makes an ideal life have to be addressed . otherwise , mankind will have little difference from animals .
five major Chinese festivals offer occasions for family union and feasting.Foremost is the lunar New Year , celebrated in the first few days of the first moon . friends and relatives exchange visits and gifts while children and unmarried adults receive Lai see , or &apos; lucky &apos; money .
few people can have imagined that the status of the school they attended 20-odd years ago should now affect the first step of their children on the path towards success . the parents may not have been hampered by their lowly origin , but now their children definitely are .
even though China &apos;s ascension to the WTO is not without domestic political risks , Beijing seems confident that it has everything firmly under its thumb . given its means of control , it is unlikely to allow the political impact of its WTO entry to lead to chaos .
enforcement of drink-driving legislation introduced in 1995 continued to expand , although the number of drivers involved in accidents and found to have consumed alcohol remained constant at around 10 per cent . all traffic patrol officers had been issued with screening devices by the end of the year .
earlier , in January , the Chief Secretary for Administration , Mrs Anson Chan , attended the Asia-Pacific Roundtable ( Conference ) in San Francisco and visited Dallas and Houston . during her visit , Mrs Chan met local government officials , academics , business leaders and media representatives .
during the year two new Air operator &apos;s certificates ( AOC ) were granted.Helicopters Hong Kong Limited was granted an AOC to operate helicopter service within the territorial boundaries of the HKSAR using a Bell 206.Metrojet Limited was granted an AOC to operate non-scheduled passenger services using an HS125-700B .
container handling , vessel arrivals and departures , and cargo saw growth rates in 1997 of 8 per cent , 6.4 per cent and 7.6 per cent , respectively , compared with 1996 . details of international movements of vessels , passengers and cargo are given at appendix 43 .
but we should not brood about the past . we should create a new future with a positive spirit . I feel that there are those in our society who still love literature and the arts.Given the opportunity and encouragement , they would strive to produce beautiful literary work .
bonds can also be exciting with scope for capital appreciation . take for instance a fall in interest rates , in this case bonds which were issued when interest rates were high will become increasingly valuable and as the bond price rises , this provides profit for bond sellers .
before we got elevated to the status that Singapore enjoys today , our forefathers had no airport or MRT system to be proud of . they forged a sense of commonality in their collective effort to eke out a living and to mould a feeling of community and identity .
at the same time , we would do well to remind ourselves that over-insistence on any particular stand , misconceptions that are not clarified and allowed to fester , turning a blind eye to divisive forces , and an attitude of exclusion , are all obstacles to racial harmony .
as for Singapore , besides utilitarian concerns , the historical baggage due to political reasons remains a burden . but with changes in regional politics and the rise of China as an economic powerhouse , the Chinese language and Mandarin will gradually become critical for economic and trade purposes .
an important law was first discovered by Archimedes , who was a scientist who died over 2,000 years ago . he watched and noticed that the water in his bath overflowed when he got in , and this made him think about water being pushed aside by solid bodies .
after Mr Zhu &apos;s appointment as China &apos;s premier , Senior Minister Lee Kuan Yew described him as a respectable person though not necessarily a person liked by all.Likewise , Mr Zhu has a high regard for SM Lee . however , his comments have not been made public .
a task force to clean up the environmental black spots in the New Territories was set up in 1994 to improve areas identified as environmentally degraded . the initial focus is on the Pat Heung area and particular attention is being given to black spots associated with container-related operations .
a few hours ago I discharged my last duty as King and Emperor , and now that I have been succeeded by my brother , the Duke of York , my first words must be to declare my allegiance to him . this I do with all my heart .
PSA has said that its discounts and rebates are restricted to charges for handling empty containers . the purpose is to help shipping lines tide over the current economic woes . such adjustments are far from cutting prices . to quote Hanjin , they are a &quot; bonus &quot; .
Mr Lee is not very popular with Hong Kong people . his conservative ideas have been more rejected than accepted by the political circles here , particularly the democrats . yet , accepting him or not , most people admit that Mr Lee is a statesman of international stature .
I was shocked to hear that . while there are many Singaporeans with English names , there are occasions when it is appropriate for one &apos;s Chinese name to be used . it is thus truly sad to know that even a Chinese-language teacher should belittle her Chinese name .
I must stress that I &apos;m not trying to incite any social disharmony here , but my point is : the passion that charged the twenty-somethings 50 years ago , when they fought for their cause , is almost non-existent in the people of the same age group today .
Humus contains materials taken from dead plants , and the waste matter from animals also falls on it . this gives it its colour . the soil under the humus is not dark . this lighter soil is rather like sand ; It is made of bit of rock .
Chinese language teachers in the primary schools are faced with two problems : ( a ) How to make the students understand ? and , ( b ) If they have understood , how to make them remember ? research in cognitive psychology may have suggestions for these questions .
2 . production budgets are often inflated due , perhaps , to inadequate planning or poor economic sense . they can easily be pruned without compromising quality . this approach would create distrust of discerning potential sponsors , lead to higher ticket charges and make the arts less affordable .
10.At parties or dinners , delay having your first drink as long as possible . if you cut down on the amount of time you spend drinking , you won &apos;t be able to consume as much -- and you won &apos;t consume as much on an empty stomach .
1.Don &apos;t lie . the temptation to embellish may be overwhelming , but eventually your online connection will suss out the turth . of course , there &apos;s nothing wrong with showing yourself in the best possible light . isn &apos;t that what one does on a job interview ?
( the writer is the Senior partner of Loo &amp; Partners . he qualified as a Barrister-at-Law at Lincoln &apos;s Inn , London , and obtained his Master of Laws from London University . Mr Loo is also a fellow of the Chartered Institute of arbitrators , London . )
( Wee Chow Hou , PhD , PPA , is Professor of Business Policy , Dean of the faculty of Business Administration and Director of the Graduate School of Business at the National University of Singapore . he is also a resource panelist of SPH &apos;s Chinese newspapers . )
&quot; the effects are subtle and subclinical , &quot; says Brian page , an anthropologist from the University of Miami , who was involved in the study . &quot; although they could be bad for somebody who &apos;s tring to be an arbitrage trader or Wall Street lawyer . &quot;
yet it remains plagued by serious weaknesses : creaking state － owned enterprises that still employ 55 per cent of urban workers ; bad loans in the state banks that probably is a considerable figure a largely unfunded pension system ; endemic official corruption and a rural economy in crisis .
with racial harmony having become an issue , any step forward , whether taken by SAP school students or anyone from a different ethnic group , will help foster mutual trust and understanding among different communities . such a positive manifestation of racial unity will also help reduce inter-ethnic suspicion .
why ? remember that a call gives you the right , but not the obligation , to purchase a share . if the share price rises above the exercise price , you would exercise the option . you pay the exercise price and receive a share which is worth more .
when Francis Bacon , English philosopher and a pioneer of experimental science , uttered this famous quote 400 years ago , the world was just moving out of its first economic developmental stage - the &quot; agricultural economy &quot; - into the second stage , the &quot; industrial economy &quot; .
what they like to see happening here is the virtual unfettered prerogative of the media to ridicule , condemn or even defame its leaders under the banner of fostering more open debate , as epitomised in the United States , and which Singapore and many other countries will not accept .
what is a robot ? basically , it is a machine which is designed to do the work of a human being . it is usually controlled by computer . once it has been given a set of things to do , it will do the job on its own .
what is &quot; knowledge-based Economy &quot; ? Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong recently emphasised that Singapore must strive to excel in this area in order to achieve greater global competitiveness . using a simple question-and-answer format , the writer explains this new concept and its importance in future economic development .
we have indeed progressed into a new era , but so long as we are still keen in our pursuit to lead a truly &quot; human &quot; life and live in a truly &quot; human &quot; society , the thoughts of Confucius and Mencius will always be relevant and useful .
we cannot create an overall climate that encourages the learning of history if such a myopic and mercenary attitude persists . and people who could not care less about history will have a perfect excuse : &quot; so what ? I &apos;m not the only one who is ignorant ! &quot;
very little empirical work has been done to ascertain what personal and societal values East Asians hold in common . one of the few researchers who have tried to do so is an American , David Hitchcock , of the Centre for Strategic and International Studies in Washington , DC .
trying to sort out these observations and implications , I call to mind a statement by Chiou I-jen , formerly the campaign manager for Chen Shui-bian : &quot; Taiwan is in effect an independent sovereign state , the current name of which is &apos; the Republic of China &apos; . &quot;
today most parents are well educated . they question and place demands on schools and teachers . our teachers have to respond by keeping pace with new developments in profession and constantly upgrading themselves so that they can continue to command the respect of their students , parents and society .
to keep pace with the development , the government places strong emphasis on improving and expanding infrastructure . as a result , Hong Kong has been transformed into a modern city with efficient road and rail links , tunnels and flyovers . new highways have opened up previously remote areas .
to co-ordinate work more effectively and to minimise traffic disruption , the department holds monthly Road opening Co-ordinating Committee meetings with the utility companies , the police and the Transport Department . a computerised utility management system was developed in1997 to further improve co-ordination and minimise disturbance to road users .
three American missiles hit the Chinese embassy in Yugoslavia &quot; by mistake &quot; and sparked off demonstrations and protests of students and the masses in mainland China . it is worthy to note the mode of reporting and the language used in the American media with regards to this incident .
this was an early demonstration that an aeroplane was more than a fine-weather machine , and that it could fight its way successfully through violent winds . this fact impressed the postal authorities a good deal , and helped those who believed that the aeroplane had a great commercial future .
they may be just passing your office , computer bag slung over one shoulder . or they may be sitting in a car outside it , casually tapping away at a laptop . they look like innocent passers - by . in fact , they are stealing your corporate secrets .
there is no denying the fact that IT learning plays an important role as a new teaching tool in this era of technology . however , views differ on whether the schools can achieve their targets , as success depends largely on whether they can make use of computers effectively .
their refusal to allow themselves to be &quot; treated &quot; contradicts their demand , sans effort , that others should understand their problems . instead of engaging in pursuits which would allow them better standing , they would rather indulge in matters which seemingly distance them away from the others .
the title appears deceptively simple . for most people , their initial reaction would run along the lines of , &quot; Is he mad ? the social problems we face today stem from being too intolerant ! look at road builles , fights , all the result of intolerance ! &quot;
the sub-division compiles a daily information bulletin in English and Chinese , which contains about 20 of the more important press releases on an average day . the bulletin is uploaded onto the government Home page on the Internet daily to give the public direct access to government press releases .
the same broad message is likely to be true for the subtler , longer-lasting effects of marijuana on the brain . researchers like Pope and Morgan may look at the data very differently , but they agree about one thing : heavy boozing is worse for your neurons than dope .
the principal &apos;s idea stemmed from a plain desire . with the aid of the time-honoured art of block print , he hoped to instil in the children a love for reading and appreciation of beauty , so that they can enjoy fun and pleasure while they learn and study .
the playful &quot; eyah &quot; didn &apos;t just come off the top of Huang &apos;s head . after many long discussions with his partners , Huang said , he had to ask a few Cathay Pacific stewardesses during an overseas trip to help decide upon the company &apos; s name .
the occurrence of Mr Lee Kuan Yew is something of an oddity . normally , statesmen with a strategic vision are the product of large countries . restricted by their geography , small countries have little need for global strategies , and therefore can hardly produce statesmen of international stature .
the most frequent criticisms levelled at present-day Chinese society area &quot; spiritual vacuum &quot; and the &quot; demise of morality &quot; . &quot; everyone for himself and the devil take the hindmost &quot; - a conduct condemned by scholars of the past - has now become an unspoken standard behaviour .
the elected officers of the ASF &amp; OC and the NSAs are volunteers with high standing and expertise in the sport arena . they are the cornerstone in safeguarding the autonomy of the national sports associations and assuring the quality of the delivery of sport and recreation in Hong Kong .
the day that the likes of John Nash , or those with lesser mental ailments , are allowed to teach in our educational establishments because of their merits , will , in my view , be the day that we can proclaim proudly that Singapore is truly a compassionate nation .
the children handicapped by the system are sure to feel disappointed when denied admission to the schools of their choice . the complex principles and regulations with the rationale behind them , as well as their parents &apos; effort and frustration , are probably beyond their young minds to grasp .
the century-old concept wrought by the national humiliations imposed by the colonialists seems to have come back to life . today we are told by some of our social elite with reluctance but clarity that , in their mind , we are classified as a category that deserves less attention .
the WHC is a dual three-lane , immersed-tube road tunnel linking the West Kowloon expressway with the Western District . it is a key part of the ACP transport corridor and helps relieve congestion at the two existing cross-harbour tunnels . the WHC was opened to traffic on April 30 .
the United States is a nation -- the newest nation among the great powers . China is an old nation -- the oldest among the great powers . we are a product of Western civilization . China is a product of Eastern civilization -- and specially , of Chinese civilization .
the Provisional Regional Council also provides facilities such as water slides and splash pools , which are very popular with youngsters , at its HinTin , Sheung Shui , Tai Po , Tsuen wan , Tuen Mun , Tin Shui wai , Ma On Shan and Tsing Yi swimming pools .
the Marine Department &apos;s vessel Traffic Centre ( VTC ) is responsible for ensuring safe and efficient marine traffic flow in Hong Kong waters . all vessels of 300 gross tonnes and above are required to participate in the vessel Traffic Service ( VTS ) and must follow VTC directions .
the Lei Cheng UK branch Museum , with its thematic display , Han costume , received 57000 visitors during the year . the Law UK folk Museum attracted 38000 visitors with its permanent display of rural furniture and farming implements , as well as the thematic exhibition , Paper Horse .
the Legislative Council has established 18 panels to monitor and examine the Government &apos;s policies . these panels also give views on major legislative or financial proposals before their introduction into the Legislative Council or the Finance Committee , and examine important issues of wide public concern referred to them .
the Information Services Department ( ISD ) serves as the government &apos;s public relations consultant , publisher , advertising agent and news agency . it provides the link between the administration and the media and , through the latter , enhances public understanding of government policies , decisions and activities .
the Hydrographic Office has taken over provision to the shipping community of nautical services which were provided by the British Admiralty before the reversion of sovereignty on July 1 , 1997 . Hong Kong will attend the International Hydrographic Organisation ( IHO ) conferences as part of the Chinese delegation .
the Hong Kong auxiliary Police Force ( HKAPF ) comprises volunteers from all walks of life and has a proud history dating from its establishment in 1914 . at the end of the year , the strength of the Force stood at 5455 of whom 10.87 per cent were female .
the Ching Ming Festival in spring and Chung Yeung Festival on the ninth day of the ninth moon are occasions for visiting ancestral graves . many people mark Chung Yeung by climbing hills in remembrance of an ancient Chinese family which escaped plague and death by fleeing to a mountaintop .
the AOR programme also encompasses the conduct of integrated airport trials , scheduled to commence in early 1998 , and the mobilisation and relocation of plant , equipment and personnel to the new airport , to be carried out in five phases over a 90-day period before the airport opens .
that &apos;s the ugly truth.It &apos;s like having someone tell you that you have no taste.Even if it is true.It &apos;s nothing you want to hear , especially if it is the truth.And what is society doing about it ? it &apos;s encouraging it.Because there is a market for it .
teachers who touch our hearts are invariably those who go the extra mile , who act beyond the mere routine performance of their duties . teachers whom we remember best and whom we appreciate most are those who show they genuinely have their student &apos;s welfare and interests at heart .
so I am moved to write this commentary by news of the Education Ministry &apos;s hanyu pinyin pilot scheme . in that trial , primary one pupils in eight schools were taught to read and write Chinese in Romanised form during the first six to eight weeks this school year .
so , I would like to call on Chinese parents to treasure the language of our ancestors . teach the children Chinese so that they can think in the language . keep their cutting edge in mathematics with the aid of Chinese characters , and this will improve their IQ .
smog , which was once the big attraction of los Angeles , can now be found all over the country from Butte , Mantama , to New York city , and people are getting so used to polluted air that it &apos;s very difficult for them to breathe anything else .
regular meetings have been held quarterly with neighbouring Pearl River Delta ports such as Shenzhen , Guangzhou , Zhuhai and Macau . a basic information exchange network has been set up to enable information on a major oil spill occurring in one port to be immediately known to other ports .
red is not the only red-hot bue . pink is another strong seller . research shows that people say pastries taste better in a pink box than any other color , and they &apos;ll willingly pay more for them . cosmetics packaged in pink are also more likely to sell .
recounting the history of his family over five generations , the writer pleads with Indonesian president , B.J. Habibie , that Chinese Indonesians are not the main looters of Indonesian resources . he suggests that Habibie bestow posthumous awards upon the Chinese pioneers for their contributions to the local economy .
rainfall information is important because of Hong Kong &apos;s vulnerability to floods and susceptibility to landslips during heavy rain . a dense network of about 70 automatic reporting rain-gauges provides real-time information on rain distribution and intensity over Hong Kong for the operation of rainstorm , flood and landslip warnings .
popular culture may be shallow , but it often means a much more fundamental change in social trends.When young people start leaving home in T-shirts bearing the word &quot; Beijing &quot; , it is evident that Singaporeans have begun to view the waking dragon in a fresh , new perspective .
perhaps not many people know how Mr Pan Shou had contributed to the establishment of Nantah . in this article , the writer recounts his personal encounter with the man who did his utmost to boost the morale of the students and to get the University going during its inception .
over the past 34 years , the Singaporean people have made wise and correct decisions in parliamentary votes , which has been borne out by the remarkable achievements of the elected governments . as a result , the country enjoys stability and prosperity , and the people live in peace .
other leading deities include Kwan Tai ( God of War and the source of righteousness ) , Pak Tai ( Supreme Emperor of the Dark Heaven and local patron of the island of Cheung Chau ) and hung Shing ( God of the South Seas and a weather prophet ) .
only in his death did my great-great-grandfather regained his freedom . my great-grandfather then ran a tiny warung ( a shop that sells cooked food in Indonesia ) to make a living . during his time , Indonesia was undergoing a transition from a natural economy to a market economy .
one English daily publishes a daily Braille edition , in conjunction with the Hong Kong Society for the blind . two English and six Chinese dailies are published on the Internet . five news agency bulletins , issued in Chinese , English and Japanese , are also registered as newspapers .
on the other hand , there was another serial earlier this year with a highly disputable Chinese title &quot; 何日军再来 &quot; . it shows the lack of emphasis by the production team on the cultural and historical context of the title and irate viewers were quick to criticise the station .
on the other hand , high-tech industries cannot grow without support from traditional products.In this light , one can see that there is no point in classifying the various enterprises so long as they all function towards prosperity and well being in this land and better life for the people .
of 124 that they identified , 83 were sending data without encrypting them . such data could readily be picked up by a passer  by armed only with a portable computer , a wireless modem and a few pieces of software that can be freely downloaded from the internet .
not surprisingly , I did become a public-school teacher . I taught elementary school in Dallas and Houston . even with a degree in education and practice as a student teacher , I found I wasn &apos;t totally prepared for teaching -- the job was much harder than I imagined .
no doubt , it is true that no one can be a winner all the time but that is no excuse to have feeble thoughts about accepting a walkover in some arenas . team 2010 may not be in sight for us but why chuckle and wave the idea away ?
more frightening are reports on cults with suicidal , and maybe , killer instincts too , wanting to create havoc in holysites in the Middle-East . there is Y2K computer hysteria and its fears of nuclear disasters , computer chips playing havoc with planes , bank accounts and home appliances .
more amazingly , none of the four Chinese debaters is an arts major , and yet they are all well versed in belles-lettres . their speeches enthralled the audience with the charm of language and literature , and brought home to them the great wealth of Chinese words and phrases .
medical and health services are also undergoing vigorous development programmes which will provide four more major public hospitals ( i.e. North District Hospital , Kowloon Medical rehabilitation Centre , Tseung Kwan O Hospital and Lai King Hospital ) and some five additional clinics and polyclinics over the next five years .
meanwhile , probably because they have faith in their country and government and understand their responsibilities as citizens , the Swiss people would not laud other countries &apos; achievements at the expense of their own despite their sincere admiration . instead , they try to understand how others have succeeded .
like any worthwhile relationship , ours is one that we have to work at . we have to grow in our understanding of one another . this does not mean that we have to grow more alike . it does mean that we have to appreciate why we are different .
it has been hypothesised that students learn in different ways : some students learn best phonetically , and would be excellent at phonetic languages like English and German but miserable with Chinese . on the other hand , students with photographic memories will probably find it easier to learn Chinese .
investors must wrestle with internal demons to time the market right . we are by nature momentum investors . we try to prepare for the future by extrapolating from the present , says Jeffrey Heisler , a Boston University professor who specializes in the impact of individual behavior on markets .
invariably , her husband smiles at this . as far as he &apos;s concerned , his point is proved . he never hears her punch line , which she delivers as she walks out of the room . &quot; like when I &apos;m leaving you for my toy boy . &quot;
in his launching speech , BG Yeo also spoke of the objective to promote Mandarin as a &quot; high language &quot; for Chinese Singaporeans , &quot; on par with the English language &quot; . &quot; this must be Singapore &apos;s commitment to all four official languages , &quot; he added .
in early November , the Toronto Office , together with the Broadcasting , Culture and sport Bureau , and the Provisional Urban Council organized cultural performances in Vancouver and Toronto . the 86-member Chinese orchestra performed two concerts in Vancouver and one at the prestigious Roy Thomson Hall in Toronto .
in Singapore , topics about racial relations are sensitive in our multiracial society , given the complex geopolitical milieu in Southeast Asia . but Singapore has relevant laws which can be cited against sedition , and people are likely to support the government &apos;s use of the laws when needed .
in January 1997 , the Self-Provided External telecommunication System ( Short Term ) Licence was introduced to facilitate the short-term use of telecommunications equipment , such as satellite news-gathering equipment , for international communication particularly during the period of the change of sovereignty . Thirty-two licences were issued in 1997 .
if one asks the average English-educated Chinese Singaporean to name his great-grandparents and their siblings , it is probable that he would be unable to do so . this is hardly surprising because most of them do not maintain or have access to , genealogical records beyond their immediate forebears .
if a name is a mere code , the ease of use should be the key in deciding a suitable choice . picking one that is easy to remember , sounds right , helps facilitate communication at social gatherings and others to recall you will be the factors to consider .
having had the benefit of reading , viewing and analysing their commentaries and reports on Singapore over the years , my view is that , with some exceptions , they have done our country grave injustice by deliberately distorting its image internationally because it steadfastly resists being dominated by them .
fourth , saving is no more a virtue . in fact , a certain economist conducted a study years ago and concluded that saving was far from being the key to wealth . that is why , in recent years , people are earning more but their savings have dropped .
for Singapore , even if it chooses to put aside the burden of shouldering 5000 years of China &apos;s cultural tradition , merely from the economic viewpoint , the Chinese language is clearly a prerequisite for trade with China . business dealings with China today are more than just trade .
first , since the campaign focused on Mandarin as a spoken language , what was supposed to be the role of written Chinese as a literary language ? is it feasible to promote Mandarin as a spoken language without at the same time promoting Chinese as a literary written language ?
except for bans , restrictions and fines , is there really no other way to instil public-mindedness in the population ? to bring about a gracious society with good citizens , must the legislative mechanism be given such dominance that a new law is called for whenever problems crop up ?
even within one language , teachers can train their students to think . the careful choice of words is a good practice of thinking . when properly guided by the teachers , the students will become sensitive to the subtle nuances of a language and thus become more careful thinkers .
electric fires also have wires which get hot . these wires are thick , but they are not made of copper . they have a high resistance . a large current flows through them makes them hot . so we can use electric fires in winter to keep us warm .
during the initial years of the campaign , these paradoxes remained largely latent , as the original objectives were relatively simple and straightforward . gradually , over the years , through an evolutionary process , adjustments were made to resolve the tensions inherent to the original design of the campaign .
during all the early periods of their development , mirrors were rare and expensive . only the very rich could afford them ; doubtlessly , many men and women lived , grew , and died without knowing , except by hearsay , whether he or she was beautiful or ugly .
despite these misgivings , I believe that , as long as the majority of Chinese Singaporeans consider it a necessary part of their life , which I think they do , it will continue to flourish here , even though the modes of celebrating it may differ somewhat from traditions .
corruption remained under control in Hong Kong . during the year , the department strengthened its strategy to unearth unreported corruption , and underwent an organisational restructuring to provide more front-line investigators . it also formed Operational Liaison Groups to forge closer links with all disciplined services and government departments .
contracts for the second ( or northern ) runway and for the main building contract for the extension to the passenger terminal North-West concourse were awarded in April and September respectively . the northern runway , which is outside the ACP scope , is scheduled for operation in late 1998 .
continued coffisions eventually produced planets , and the leftover comets and other debris were scattered outward toward the periphery of the solar system . most of the comets congregated either in the Kuiper Belt , which starts around Neptune , or farther out in the so-called &quot; Oort Cloud . &quot;
but suppose you were to look at a beach from an airplane . it would seem to be all one piece of ground . it is only when you get down on that beach and look closely that you see it is really made up of small grains of sand .
bus fare hikes will affect all commuters , chiefly students , their parents , and factory workers.The number of POS Bank and DBS bank account holders affected by the proposed fall-below fee , according to newspaper reports , will reach half a million , some of them holding multiple accounts .
as a general rule , turning points in the economy are signalled by three consecutive months of LEI changes in the same direction . this leading indicator is like a lighthouse , giving the rest of the world economies a glimpse of the direction of the world &apos;s largest economy .
although we are currently facing the Asian economic crisis , we firmly believe that in the 21st century , Asia will be the region that leads the world in the development of science and technology . and Singapore can be like Switzerland , taking the lead among the Asian nations .
according to representatives of the group , they will also try to get the media to redefine what &quot; news &quot; is . on the face of it , they seem to be saying that what used to be &quot; mainstream news &quot; should now become &quot; non-mainstream &quot; news .
a famous Chinese architect once said : &quot; the things which people make together can last a thousand years . &quot; the PRC &apos;s family car can be the foundation stone of a Chinese automotive industry that can last , and serve , for many , many generations yet unborn .
Yue-Sai Kan ( Right ) , American Emmy Award-winning television journalist and creator of the new Yue-Sai wa wa doll , laughs as a customer carries away nine autographed boxes of the doll , during a signing session December 8 , 2001 at FAO Schwarz toy store in New York .
Spiit ends-These may be a warning that your body is low in vital minerals and vitamins and you are depriving your hair of nourishment . look at what you are eating -- more protein will strengthen your hair . if you improve your diet , your hair will also improve .
Singapore is deeply affected by the US , such as the ups and downs in the American economy and stock market . there is also a growing &quot; market &quot; for the latest American social trends and thinking . views that are fashionable there will almost be echoed here immediately .
Silicon Valley is a magnet to which numerous talented engineers , scientists and entrepreneurs from overseas flock to in search of fame , fast money and to participate in a technological revolution whose impact on mankind will surely surpass the epoch-making European Renaissance and Industrial Revolution of the bygone age .
Mr Obuchi hosted a dinner in honour of the Chief Executive and Mr Tung also delivered a speech at a luncheon in Tokyo jointly organised by the Tokyo HKETO , the HKTDC and the Japan / Hong Kong Society , and addressed a meeting of the Japan National Press Club .
Mandarin and English-speaking Chinese Singaporeans seem to be living in two different worlds . professor tu Wei Ming of the Harvard University has noticed differences in the contents of Chinese and English-language newspapers here , for example . thus we need to create a common perspective , a Singporean perspective .
I work seven days a week . chatting with friends over the Internet in the dead of night is probably my only pastime . work keeps me so busy that I have no time for my family and friends , not to mention getting hitched and starting my own family .
I have used the term , often too carelessly . and ironically - for I &apos;m a bit of a cheenah myself.My cheenah history isn &apos;t exactly glowing . but it &apos;s &quot; glorious &quot; enough to draw gasps of shock , especially after people hear my atrocious Mandarin today .
I feel comfortable about bringing the subject of the Chinese language to your attention , because our family is apparently genetically programmed to speak foreign languages . use the skills you have . already , Janey and Stuartie are working on being tri-lingual , and their parents have achieved this .
I always felt embarrassed when I &quot; confessed &quot; that my parents spoke no , or at best , halting English . I wonder how my parents got anything fruitful from those sessions but they would always return excited , relating to me what my teachers said about my performance .
Hong Kong &apos;s development into a commercial centre began with British settlement in 1841 . at the end of the 18th century , the British dominated the foreign trade at Canton ( Guangzhou ) but found conditions unsatisfactory , mainly because of the conflicting viewpoints of two quite dissimilar civilisations .
Forty-five years ago , an American political leader , Wendell Wilikie , traveled around the world and then wrote a best-selling book entitled One World . world War II followed . the world was brutally battered but it survived . today the choice is either one world or no world .
Deng Xiaoping was a reasonable person . he listened to me quietly , with intense attention . &quot; Prof Lee , &quot; he said , after hearing what I told him , &quot; I think we have to leave this issue of Taiwan for our next generation to resolve . &quot;
AHK Air Hong Kong ( AHK ) continued to operate scheduled all-cargo services to Manchester , Brussels , Dubai and Osaka , and non-scheduled cargo services to various destinations in Asia using three B747-200 freighters . the airline terminated its scheduled all-cargo services to Chicago at the end of May .
&quot; people &quot; remains the prime element . &quot; people &quot; here refers to knowledge-based labour . therefore , having an edge over others in education is of primary importance in a knowledge-based economy . the age of knowledge-based economy is also the age when nations are enriched by education .
witnessing a child &apos;s development into a young reader is one of the most fulfilling experiences I could imagine . beyond the obvious rewards of watching students &apos; eyes light up with understanding , I had the satisfaction of knowing that I was playing some part in ensuring their future success .
with effect from April 1 , 1997 , the British Consulate-General has taken over from the Immigration Department responsibility for issuing andrenewing British National ( Overseas ) ( BN ( O ) ) passports . all records ofBN ( O ) passports issued previously by the department were transferred tothe Consulate-General .
we went around the table introducing ourselves and telling our stories as a way to break the ice . after some discussion , we decided we should try to get together once a month to talk with one another and to listen to speakers who could help us face our illnesses .
two years ago , in a bid for higher competitiveness , POS Bank merged with DBS Bank , the de-facto national bank of the country . at that time , DBS was actively introducing talent from abroad , hoping to bring about a restructured bank that would prosper regionally and globally .
travel and tourism was among Hong Kong &apos;s largest foreign exchange earners in the service industries , bringing in around $ 72.1 billion , which was a decrease of 14.7 per cent over 1996 . tourism receipts alone amounted to $ 69.9 billion , a fall of 15.2 per cent year-on-years .
to win is not the ultimate aim in a contest . more importantly , contestants learn from one another and gain experience and maturity through matches . to help Singaporeans grow healthy and defeat-resistant , it would be best to let them fall in defeats and then pick themselves up again .
to be objective , it is unrealistic to expect that Singapore can blossom into a cultured nation within a mere generation . even leading immigrant societies with superior resources , like the United States , Canada and Australia , took many generations to reach their present level of sophistication and maturity .
to abate air pollution , a policy has been established to adopt the most stringent and practical vehicle fuel and emission standards which can be made available to Hong Kong . open burning has been prohibited . as part of a global programme , 89 ozone-depleting substances are under legislative control .
throughout 1997 , the HKTA organised a series of new and established events to promote Hong Kong as a year-round travel destination and to highlight its unique blend of East and West . the extensive range of top-quality events added to Hong Kong &apos;s reputation as the Events Capital of Asia .
this implies that language teaching is no more a routine of going through the workbooks with the students but to guide them in using the language to answer a variety of questions , to create their own problems , and to solve problems that are personally meaningful and exciting to them .
they came not only from China but also Malacca , the Riauislands and other places in the region . by 1840 , Chinese immigrants mainly from southern China were arriving at a rate of about 2,000 a year . by 1880 , the rate of arrivals had increased to 50,000 annually .
they believe that by expressing views critical of the government , their behaviour will be labelled anti-state and anti-government . furthermore , this mistaken notion has swung the pendulum to the other extreme - they are convinced that keeping silent and keeping out of trouble is the safest way to live .
therefore , it is the social environment , not lower IQ , that makes Singaporean pupils less proficient in Chinese . they can &apos;t be blamed for spending most of their time studying English and other subjects.Given the situation , how can the standard of Chinese of our pupils be improved ?
there is no overwhelming evidence to suggest which approach offers superior returns to the investors . the most important thing is that an investor is comfortable with a particular method , understands its strengths limitations , experiments with it , finds that it works for him and abides by the method .
there are 616 sets of roadside emergency telephones installed along expressways and flyovers - 81 sets on Hong Kong Island , 112 in Kowloon , and 423 in the New Territories . a renewal programme is underway to improve operational effectiveness . all future expressways will be equipped with emergency telephones .
the transmission of Chinese culture to non-Chinese is made more difficult because the Chinese language is harder to learn and master except for the stout-hearted . another problem is that its richness and subtlety is often lost or diluted when translated into other languages , even when undertaken by skilful hands .
the thin wire is not made of copper ; it is made of tungsten . all metals melt when they get hot . ( mercury melts at a lower temperature than our usual ones . ) tungsten does not melt easily . it has to be very hot before it melts .
the second factor is a reasonable order of priority . investments from governmental and non-governmental sources must focus on innovation , science and technology , knowledge and Internet , because these form the mainstream of knowledge economy . therefore , domestic R &amp; D and life-long education must receive ample emphasis .
the planning and development of communication needs for other major projects are proceeding . they include the provision of a new Marine Police communications system and the replacement of radio control facilities in the Mass Transit railway District , the Air-to-Ground radio system and the Command and Control Integrated Communications System .
the pervasive soft power of the English language is such that many Singaporeans , understandably , are more attracted to the Western culture and influences than to their own ethnic roots.Consequently , they tend to have lesser interest in the cultural heritage of their forebears and those of their fellow citizens .
the ombudsman ordinance also empowers The ombudsman to investigate complaints of non-compliance with the Code on Access to Information against government departments , including the Hong Kong Police Force and the Independent Commission Against Corruption . the ombudsman serves as a common independent review body for alleged breaches of the code .
the last big Alaskan earthquake created a tsunanmi , a seimic sea wave , that was felt 1,500 miles away . the next quake is likely to do the same , and another worry is that cape Yakataga is less than 100 miles from the southern end of the Alaska pipeline .
the discovery of radio-elements has had immense conse quenceS in the knowledge of the structure of matter ; the study of the materials themselves , and the study of the powerful effects produced on atoms by the rays they emit occupy scientific workers of numerous great research institutes in all countries .
the declining standard of language is a common phenomenon bemoaned by cultural elites in many countries . society in many places faces the same problem : while modern technology has brought about a spectacular movie and television culture , it has also caused many to lose interest and patience in literature .
the company had described the rate PSA offered as &quot; very , very , very competitive . &quot; it had also said that PSA &apos;s quality and efficient service was essential . but it is clear that price was a key factor in the shipping line &apos;s decision to remain here .
the bad news is that uncertainty still paralyzes discussion , espedaily in the U.S. Scientists naturally generate a range of results . not all of these results are eqi uilly likely to be true , and none is defiruitive , but people tend to latch onto those that suit their preconceptions .
the annual International Arts carnival entered its 16th year in 1997 . it took place in July and August and had 20 performances of paper theatre , Chinese dance , ballet , puppetry , concerts and children &apos;s drama . the shows were staged by three visiting and 10 local groups .
the Public Liaison Group was set up to encourage public participation in monitoring and improving the delivery of emergency fire and ambulance services . thirty members of the public from all walks of life were randomly selected from among 153 applicants to form the group &apos;s fourth-term membership during the year .
the New York Times was right when it said that Chen &apos;s gamble was in fact suicidal . nevertheless , it is precisely this irrational trait that outsiders find so baffling in the Taiwanese Independence movement : an inherent urge to gamble with the basic interests of the people of Taiwan .
the Lord Wilson Heritage Trust was established in December 1992 to give the community an opportunity to express its appreciation of Lord Wilson &apos;s contribution to Hong Kong during his term as governor . it aims to promote and help fund the preservation and conservation of Hong Kong &apos;s cultural heritage .
the Jarvik 2000 . Nineteen years ago , an artificial heart invented by Dr. Robert Jarvik marked a turning point in the battle against heart disease , which today is the country &apos;s No. 1 killer . but the Jarvik 7 and similar devices often led to blood clots and infection .
the ACP is projected to cost $ 155.3 billion in money-of-the-day values . of this amount , the estimates for the new airport , AR and WHC are $ 70.2billion , $ 34 billion and $ 6.5 billion respectively , and $ 44.6 billion for the seven other government ACP projects .
stock prices have fallen considerably during the current economic malaise . although there is the risk that stock markets may not have bottomed , the current low stock prices offer an opportunity for retail investors to gradually invest in selected blue chip stocks that may have previously been out of reach .
some students have the benefit of starting school with strong prereading skills , which we know is crucial . new studies on early childhood development show that success in school strongly correlates to how often parents spend time on reading and language activities with their very young children -- including infants .
some objects were covered with layers of growth that had to be cut away with a knife . &quot; the dead alga is soft like a carpet , but difficult to cut , &quot; says diver Giovanni Lattanzi , who works without gloves because &quot; it improves your sensing ability . &quot;
so far results are positive , based on studies in pigs . but , as with the spray-on fibers , clinical trials are needed to see how well the dressing perfoims on human skin , and Gupta says it will be several more years before consumers see it on phannacy shelves .
so , the diversity is a major factor for our national survival . if we were all homogenised , not only do the communities not want it — because actually each community wants to retain some of its own identity — but I think we would be the weaker for it .
so , let us treasure Singapore , support Singapore and help build up the country . since it is the government &apos;s goal to nurture Chinese language elite , all of us should respond positively so that Singapore could be a more resplendent red dot on the map of Southeast Asia .
should information from outside sources be allowed to pour in unchecked , some people are sure to lose their bearings on the sea of information and data . thus a Singapore perspective is needed to provide a firm anchorage for our people . herein lies the role of the indigenous media .
she stops when she sees that I am crying again . &quot; look , I &apos;m sorry , I have no right to try and tell you what I usually don &apos;t even admit to myself . it &apos;s just that sometimes , not often now , I miss him . &quot;
second , several world-renowned Western media , over the years , had to apologise to Singapore leaders and pay heavy damages for falsely libelling them , the most recent being Bloomberg News . they can &apos;t forgive Singapore for such self-inflicted humiliation , and would look for fresh opportunities to humble it
sad to say , the majority of the local Opposition can hardly be said to be worthy opponents . it was disappointing to hear Dr Chee Soon Juan advocate the protection of local employees over foreign workers , and the adoption of what can be said as an essentially protectionistic stance .
references to many key concepts had been omitted from the speech , the writer admitted . for example , &quot; the Chinese people &quot; and &quot; Chinese culture &quot; were missing , and even the &quot; one-China principle open to interpretation by both sides &quot; was deleted from the final version .
participation in sporting events will help us lead a more healthy lifestyle . &quot; health is wealth &quot; is an advice that everyone is familiar with . indeed , without good health and fitness , one will not be able to realise any great aspirations or ambitions which one may have .
our key weakness is that an overall environment where Singaporeans love and respect the arts has not been created . now that we have the resources , we must make sure that we also have the vision and knowledge to use them in a way that will produce the desired results .
once the majority in a society are able to exert their rights and fulfil their responsibilities , they will regard themselves as masters of their country and their own destiny . citizens whose nationalism is built on this foundation are likely to have acquired a high level of modern civic consciousness .
once , for the mid-year examination , we were told that we must not fail in any subject . I failed in Chinese and brought home a report-card which had two red Fs , one for the second language , the other for the overall result . Mama was very angry .
on the 14th of March , at a quarter to three in the afternoon , the greatest living thinker ceased to think . he had been left alone for scarcely two minutes , and when we came back we found him in his armchair , peacefully gone to sleep but forever .
on July 3 , Hongkong Post introduced a new local postage structure designed to offer choice , cost savings and new services to major users.Local mail charges were reduced by a weighted average of 4 percent , against projected inflation of 5.7 per cent since the last revision in September 1996 .
of course the arts in and of itself is not crucial to our survival as a nation . again , if survival is all we are after , art is far from necessary . furthermore , art being universal , we can always borrow from others what we cannot create ourselves .
my generation has grown up in the era of such achievements . we have only read about the Maria Hertogh riots that broke out in 1950 that involved the Malays and the Europeans . we have only glanced through study notes that detailed the political strikes in the 1940s and 1950s .
market timing--Some investors try to &quot; time &quot; the market , i.e. waiting for the market peak to sell and bottom to buy . such strategies are difficult to implement even for the professional fund managers . you may also incur higher transaction costs as a result of such a strategy .
management training programmes continued to be organised for officers at different managerial levels . these included various management programmes conducted in Hong Kong and overseas , the Leadership in Public Sector Programme and the Leadership enhancement and Development Programme conducted by the John F. Kennedy School of Government of Harvard University .
launching &quot; The Encyclopedia of the Chinese Overseas &quot; published by the Chinese Heritage Centre on October 26 , Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong reminded Chinese Singaporeans of the need to advance Chinese culture and Mandarin within the multiracial context of Singapore and the political and social milieu of Southeast Asia .
it was as late as May 8 this year that a Beijing-based website brought the matter into the open . China &apos;s media followed with reports and comments . website forums were devoted to the ensuing discussions . instantly , the Toshiba incident became a hot topic , drawing vehement responses .
it was a union of cultural , social and political ideals that has been the boon and burden in the making of Chinese history . at times when the fact was division and disunity , the ideal manifested itself even more fervently , perhaps just because of its denial in fact .
it is now that another 4-year period runs to a new round of GE that it dawns : we would effectively have a say in the running of this country , today , that will be the grounds on which our future and our kids &apos; future would be built on .
it is also interesting to note the arguments for the cultural and economic values are often presented alternately , depending on the audience and the occasion . the two functions , the cultural and the economical , are like the two legs of the campaign , and they reinforce each other .
it has been unavoidable , and now even crucial , for Singapore to absorb experienced professionals from abroad . Singaporeans , ever accommodating and generous to guest workers , need to get prepared for new immigrants who will work side by side with the local people for an even better tomorrow .
in the recent electoral campaign , the KMT candidate LienChan put forward six planks in his party &apos;s platform , among which were &quot; wiping out money politics &quot; and &quot; eradicating corruption &quot; . but the Taiwanese people had lost all faith inthe KMT , and refused it another chance .
in the past , the head of a big household was well respected as only the rich could afford a big family . now , many will wonder why some people have four or five children . to them , only fools would want to be burdened with so many children .
in the case of learning Chinese , misconceptions persist.The English-educated seem to think that it is difficult to pick up the Chinese language . but with the help of hanyu pinyin , picking up the Chinese language is now easier . Pinyin can be used on computers to formulate Chinese words .
in the United States ordinary bathing was slow to become popular . during the 18th and early 19th centuries many Americans were known as the great unwashed . in one American city , for example , a person could only take a bath every thirty days . that was a law .
in a society where the all-vital paper qualification is a must , we have long been taught that we must make it to EM1 at the primary four streaming exercise . the path to success also includes special stream in a secondary school , followed by junior college and university education .
how it works : a patient inhales haimless nonradioactive xenon gas , which is tracked by a scanner as it enters the brain . it takes only minutes for the gas to saturate the brain tissue , showing the stroke &apos;s exact location and how much blood is reaching key areas .
having got the basics right , I &apos;ll next cross disciplines like mad . think , for instance , of MIT where the best engineering minds work closely with artistic types to bring about projects whose nature is now hard to define precisely because they &apos;ve become so &quot; mixed &quot; .
from Tampa , the Predator picture was relayed through the American secure communications network to the CIA in Langley , Virginia , and to the battle  scarred Pentagon itself . with the local clock showing 3.30pm Nov.14 , 2001 the operation was providing post - lunch viewing for senior leaders .
four years after that , she got another letter , saying that while things had been tough at times , he &apos;d stayed in school , had stuck with it , and would graduate from college with the highest of honors . he assured Mrs.Thompson she was still his favorite teacher .
electric trams have operated on Hong Kong Island since 1904 . the Hongkong Tramways Limited has six overlapping services , using 13kilometres of double track along the north shore of Hong Kong Island between Kennedy Town and Shau Kei wan , and about three kilometres of single track around happy Valley .
crimes such as armed robbery by juveniles , guns hidden in school bags , students shooting and killing fellow classmates , drug addiction and trafficking and rape can become rampant when law enforcement is inadequate . and fear of becoming victims of crimes will keep people from leaving home at night .
children should be taught our ethnic diversity when they are young . they should learn to appreciate the distinctiveness of each ethnic community and grow up in an environment of mutual trust.In our multiracial society , it is a must for everyone to recognise the need to live with our differences .
but we should be clear aout what we mean by &quot; accident &quot; . for the &quot; accidental &quot; aspect of many great discoveries is that something unusual has happened when there is an observant person present who notices what has happened , and sets to work to find out why .
bath and bathing have long been considered of medical importance to man . in Greece there are the ruins of a bathtub and Water system built over 3,000 years ago . the Romans had warm public baths . in some as many as 3,000 persons could bathe at the same time .
as the U.S. mobilized its armed forces in the aftermath of the terrorist attacks of September 11 , the world &apos;s attention focused on Pakistan , so crucial to military operations in Afghanistan.The Bush administration began to consider providing Pakistan with perimeter security and other assistance to guard its nuclear facilities .
as part of its 40th anniversary celebrations , the HKTA launched a special &apos; time capsule &apos; into cyberspace in June 1997 . it contained a range of items representative of HKTA and the tourist industry achievements over the past four decades . it is due to be opened in 2007 .
as English is slowing down its growth online , Chinese iscatching up fast . while it may be premature to predict victory for Chinese in less than 20 years , it is hopeful that , before long , it will rise onto a par with English in the world of Internet .
another feature was the movements of individuals and clans from their ancestral abode . an example is the southward migration of the Hakkas , originally from the north . they underwent five epic trans-China mass migrations , the first of which predated Mao Zedong &apos;s famous Long March by 1600 years .
and let us not laugh , declare foolish or cower in alarm if different views result from our efforts . those who emerge strongest , as Singapore did 37 years ago , belonged to many races , many aptitudes , many interests , and many points-of-view but happened to pull together .
and I want you to know that the decision I have made has been mine and mine alone . this was a thing I had to judge entirely for myself . the other person most nearly concerned has tried up to the last to persuade me to take a different course .
an indicator that is useful must be accurate , timely and reliable . it depends entirely on the integrity of the national statistical system responsible . it is vital to know the accurate components of an indicator . we have to be mindful of the limitation of these statistical figures too .
an aircraft noise and flight track monitoring system was installed in June to help evaluate the track keeping performance and noise impact of flights operating to and from the Kai Tak Airport . in the same month , a telephone hotline service was launched for handling aircraft noise complaints and inquiries .
against this historical background , the reliance on private tuition would not appear strange to East Asian parents , most of whom passionately share the Confucianist emphasis on education . what better testimony to this than the flourishing tuition industry , one of the most dynamic throughout this region of Asia ?
Myles R.Allen of the Rutherford Appleton laboratory in Didcot , England , and his colleagues took the first stab at quantifying the probability . they reasoned that the response of the climate to perturbations ( such as adding greenhouse gases ) is nearly linear , at least over the short haul .
I was very moved by the story . it dawned on me how we as caring people have &quot; landed &quot; too . we too have &quot; burnt our boat &quot; , and called Chek Jawa our home . this is our pledge for a place of permanence in our lives .
I shall now speak to you of the experiments which have led us to obtain by transmutation new radioactive elements . these experiments have been made together by Monsieur Joliot and me , and the way in which we have divided this lecture between us is a matter of pure convenience .
I quit my Denny Hill High school and ran away from my Seattle home . the years rushed by . I became a sailor ; I drove an Arctic dog team ; I panned for gold in Alaska . when Pancho Villa formed his army in Mexico , I joined him .
I have spent the last 20 years travelling between China , Hong Kong , Taiwan and Singapore . my trip to Singapore this time coincided with the government &apos;s announcement on the new policy to teach the Chinese language . allow me to voice some of my opinions on this issue .
I have been puzzled by the fact that many American and European intellectuals have reacted so negatively to Asian values . for example , the former Governor of Hong Kong , Chris Patten , devoted a chapter in his book , &quot; East and West &quot; , to debunking Asian values .
I have been impressed at how hard Singaporeans work at building links between different communities . these efforts have paid dividends over the last year , as Singaporeans coped with the reality that fellow citizens with links to al Qaeda had calmly discussed the best way to bomb an MRT station .
I &apos;ve been staying in Singapore for five years since I came to visit my daughter and her family , who had immigrated here . I &apos;ve felt an urge to tell everybody the kind of help I &apos;ve received so far , and now I can &apos;t wait any longer .
Huang and his financial advisers were quite puzzled to learn that there is no plan for Zaobao.com to go public when everybody else is getting in . Huang suggested a strategic alliance between Zaobao online and Eyah.com , saying such cooperation would help him spin an even better tale before investors .
Hong Kong was founded as a port for the China trade just over 150 years ago . since then it has flourished as a port and a centre of demand-led , free market economics . its port has grown along with its own economy and that of the mainland of China .
Hong Kong is a centre for employing well-trained seafarers . some 870 Hong Kong officers and ratings serve on foreign-going ships flying flags of more than 17 different maritime administrations . the Marine Department &apos;s Mercantile Marine Office registers Hong Kong seafarers and regulates and supervises their engagement on board ships .
Hong Kong &apos;s history has been one of material and social improvement : the expansion of cities and towns by cutting into hillsides ; reclaiming land from the sea ; and the building of homes , schools , hospitals and other public facilities to meet the demands of the growing population .
6.Communication skills -- careful listening , clear writing , close reading , plain speaking , and accurate description -- will be invaluable . in tomorrow &apos;s fast  paced business environment there will be precious little time to correct any misunderstandings . communications breakdown may well become a fatal corporate disease .
&quot; I don &apos;t see how you can stop these things , &quot; says bioethicist Daniel Callahan of the Hastings Center in Briarciif manor , New York . &quot; we are at the mercy of these technological developments . once they &apos;re here , it &apos;s hard to thm back . &quot;
your government &apos;s policy of forging5 closer ties in the free exchange of knowledge has not only enlivened your economy , it has opened the way to a new convergence of Chinese and American interests . you have opened the door -- and let me assure you that ours is open also .
when the British flag was first hoisted in Singapore in 1819 , there were only about 150 people living on the island : some 30 Chinese and about 120 Malays . but within two years , Singapore &apos;s population grew to around 5,000 . of these , more than 1,000 were Chinese .
when , in their search for material with which to make weapons , men discovered metal and in later centuries , learned that by polishing the metal it could be made to shine . from this point , it was a short step to the making of small mirrors of polished metal .
whatever the rationale , the starting line is not the same for all those receiving an education . with the current primary 1 registration system , how can one justify our claim to all Singaporeans that each and every school will help their children achieve &quot; an ideal result in education &quot; ?
what great humanists need most are not honours and accolades but being understood by the people . outstanding people like the Russians have nurtured spiritual giants such as Chernyshevsky ng and Herzen Aleksandr who drew their strength from the humanistic ideals and conscience of the entire people . the two were fortunate .
we in Singapore are most fortunate to have racial harmony and religious freedom , thanks to the farsightedness of our ever vigilant leaders and the strict laws against anyone stirring up racial or religious animosities.This is augmented by the firm desire of the overwhelming majority of Singaporeans to keep it that way .
we hear these sayings repeatedly : &quot; money is not everything , but without it you can do nothing &quot; ; &quot; money makes the mare go &quot; ; &quot; money keeps buddies together &quot; , and &quot; no money , no family &quot; . this sounds like a terrible world indeed !
to cope with this demand Hong Kong is planning a completely new container port on Lantau Island with twice the capacity of the present port at Kwai Chung . the timing for building the new terminals on Lantau will be determined after the updating of the Port cargo forecasts in early 1998 .
throughout history , our island-state had absorbed cultural nutrition from the mainland of China . but there were times of back feeding , too . for instance , the locals joined efforts with people in China during the National Revolution led by Dr Sun Yat-sen and the War of Resistance against Japan .
third , loyalty to one &apos;s company is gone and lost , but people are more devoted to their professions.There was a time when , at a cocktail party , you asked a guest about his job and he told you he was working with ABC Company in the position of XYZ .
these common experiences illustrate an important principle . whenever one body touches another , heat always passes by conduction from the warmer to the colder . thus one body loses heat and becomes colder , while the other gains heat and becomes warmer . finally , they both reach the same temperature .
therefore , who is to say that pregnancy must precede the birth of a child ? all science has done now is to let human beings reproduce without sexual intercourse , but we still need the womb . there may come a day when it can be done even without the womb .
there have been some studies using advanced brain-imaging techniques such as positron emission tomography and functional magnetic resonance imaging , as well as older-style tests such as electro-encephalography . they &apos;re really helped us to understand which bits of the brain are involved in which bits of emotion -- normal or abnormal .
there are two major forces helping to shape the KBE . first , globalisation . increasingly , economic activity is undertaken without reference to international borders . on this unprecedented huge platform of time and space , sufficient , accurate , on-time and comprehensive knowledge and information become the determinant of success .
there are , of course , those who are &quot; ghost-fearing &quot; and those who are not . but it is the latter , who , with great drive and determination , and a conviction that &quot; science will prevail over superstitions &quot; , who have created the civilisation we have today .
the world leaders , if they are wise , will make it their business to find a way to pay for these solutions . climate , ecological systems and society can all recoup after stress , but only if they are not exposed to prolonged challenge or to one disruption after another .
the value of our shared reward will and must be measured by the joyful peace which will triumph , because the common humanity that bonds both black and white into one human race , will have said to each one of us that we shall all live like the children of paradise .
the tearful account above serves to tell Your Excellency that the beautiful and enchanting island of Bangka was nourished by the blood and tears of my ancestor . his bones lie beneath the soil just as his spirit hovers over it . there lies the monument to my ancestor &apos;s pioneering efforts .
the retail price of No. 4 heroin fluctuated throughout 1997 . by the end of 1997 , the average purity was 49.49 per cent at the average price of $ 418.90 per gram compared with a purity of 44.97 per cent and a price of $ 390.65 at the end of 1996 .
the only thing I can contribute is however , my belief and support . though this time round , I celebrated as an Asian , I believe that there would be one day when we can celebrate as a Singaporeans . we are after all , no strangers to challenging the odds .
the leading scenario for a comet &apos;s breakup is that all the ice vaporizes quickly as the comet is heated by the sun , and the expansion from solid to gas breaks the nucleus apart . researchers have also proposed that gravitational pull from a nearby object might be another possible cause .
the illegal workers were prosecuted and either fined or gaoled before being repatriated to their places of origin . employers of illegal workers were also prosecuted and fined and , in serious cases , gaoled . in 1997 , 371 employers of illegal workers were prosecuted , compared with 580 in 1996 .
the government should &quot; make good use &quot; of these household names to promote sports and make people aware of our potential in developing sports . it should also help create a lifelong career path for young people w11them have a go at it , and give them the biggest possible support !
the government has completed risk assessments on all potentially hazardous installations in the Hong Kong . plans for risk reduction have been completed or are being implemented and have substantially reduced the risk to the public . the government is extending a similar risk management approach to the transport of dangerous goods .
the functions of our government continue without interruption . Federal agencies in Washington , which had to be evacuated today , are reopening for essential personnel tonight and will be open for business tomorrow . our financial institutions remain strong , and the American economy will be open for business as well .
the five rail systems include a heavily-used mass transit system , a busy suburban railway , a modern light railway , a traditional street tramway and the peak funicular railway . the first three rail systems are operated by public corporations , wholly-owned by the government . private operators own the others .
the department also provides wide-ranging rescue services in incidents such as traffic accidents , people trapped in lifts or locked rooms , gas leakage , house collapses , flooding , landslides , industrial accidents and attempts to jump from a height . the department handled 20 899 special service calls in 1997 .
the blood of Muslims is as red as the others . the tear of Muslims is as salty as the others . they must unite to condemn the lost of lives . they must unite to help those injured . they must unite to comfort those who had lost their loved ones .
the Provisional Regional Council manages more than 600 parks and gardens of various sizes , including six major parks . Tai Po Waterfront Park is the largest park in the New Territories , covering 22 hectares . it has a specially designed lookout tower which forms a major feature of the park .
the New York , Washington and San Francisco offices assisted in presenting several cultural events . these included Hong Kong Film festivals and the Yip &apos;s Children &apos;s choir &apos; 97 USA Concert Tour to 10 cities . the New York Office also sponsored an Asia Society photographic exhibition on Hong Kong .
the Flagstaff House Museum of Tea Ware presented selected Works of Yixing purple clay wares from the K.S. lo collection ; passion for Tea and Tea vessels ; Chinese Ceramics and Seals donated by the K.S. LoFoundation ; Chinese Tea drinking ; Hong Kong Tea Competition and Hong Kong Wuwo Tea ceremony .
the Chemical Science Section devoted a great deal of time to the investigation of the tragic Garley Building fire , in November 1996 , culminating in evidence being given to the Commission of Inquiry in June1997 . it was one of several large multi-fatality fires investigated by the section during the year .
the CAS has been involved in refugee management since 1975 . during 1997 , it continued to manage the New Horizons Vietnamese refugee Departure Centre ( for Vietnamese refugees accepted for resettlement overseas ) . the CAS deployed 40 members and eight permanent staff to manage the centre on a daily basis .
the Books registration Office of the Television and entertainment licensing Authority is responsible for registering books first printed , produced or published locally . a bibliography of the registered books is gazetted at quarterly intervals . in 1997 , the office registered a total of 9 800 books and 10 775 periodicals .
strangely , Singaporean Muslims were expected to be less &quot; sensitive &quot; by not objecting to insensitive , biased or inaccurate foreign commentaries about Islam or Muslims . but , whether you are a Muslim or not , if your religion or your beliefs are attacked , would you not be sensitive ?
so now you &apos;ve found a good catch , bought a smashing outfit , and you &apos;ve set your big date.You haven &apos;t dated in some time , but you &apos;re a smart girl , and you &apos;ve remembered to follow all of the safety tips suggested by your local police department :
secondly , confusion and suspicion will make the organisation vulnerable to external exploitation . in war , the enemy is always on the lookout for any weaknesses that can be exploited . thus , if the army is in disarray , it provides the enemy a golden opportunity to exploit the situation .
search dogs were trained to search for dangerous drugs , explosives and firearms . they were deployed at the Hong Kong International Airport . they also provided support for searches in special operations , especially during major events of the year including the handover ceremony and the WB / IMF Annual Meetings .
pilots play an important role by helping shipmasters to navigate safely within Hong Kong waters . ships of 3 000 gross registered tonnes ( GRT ) or more and all gas carriers are required to engage a pilot . there are 83 licensed pilots who provide pilotage services through a private company .
over the past 12 years , American and Chinese leaders have met frequently to discuss a whole host of issues . often we have found agreement . but even when we have not , we have gained insight into each other ; and we have learned to appreciate the other &apos;s perspectives .
on the other hand , the effect of globalisation is all-pervasive . Western culture now dominates the life of young Singaporeans , making the learning of Chinese increasingly irrelevant and burdensome . it is an arduous task to get young people keen on the language when there are so many competing interests .
now , we borrow their trick . the annual Singapore Food Festival emphasises Asian flavours , whether in a purely ethnic fare or in fusion cooking . during the festival this year , a bigwig of the Singapore Tourism Board boldly declared its new mission - make Singapore a world culinary capital .
not that I am over-pessimistic . so long as proficiency in Chinese is not so lucrative as that in English , and Chinese remains less important as a medium of instruction , it is by no means easy to stop the decline in the language or make Chinese publications read more widely .
neighbours one already knows well may act as a go-between , though . once I overheard one fellow resident giving a tip to another : &quot; you &apos;re buying a used car ? well , Mr Lim on the 11th floor is an agent . I &apos;ll introduce you to him . &quot;
my near-acceptable ( I think ) pronunciation belied an awfully constricted range of Chinese vocabulary . I felt guilty as well as relieved if I had indeed &quot; fooled &quot; the Mandarin speakers in believing that I was thoroughly conversant in Mandarin . but I was glad that our communication was problem-free .
my friends and I love the festive lights of blue and white streaking across orchard Road . I can imagine the gaiety when thousands flock there to welcome the new millennium on New Year &apos;s Eve . I &apos;m glad it &apos;s not all — celebrations will continue for months in 2000 .
moreover , the Housing Board may consider allowing coffee-shops and convenience stores to come back and operate on the ground floor of the blocks , that is , the void deck . while some residents may dislike the hustle and bustle , not a few will love the surroundings full of life .
it is , of course , human nature everywhere for people to feel more comfortable in the company of their own kind . but for any multi-racial society with multi-culturalism to flourish , it is essential that its ethnic components must strive to understand and appreciate each other &apos;s way of life .
indeed , The Singapore Federation of Chinese clan Associations ( SFCCA ) and Singapore Press Holdings have acted early - more than 10 years ago - by co-organising the Singapore River Hongbao and the Chinese Cultural Festival regularly , in the hope of reversing the trend of declining interest in Chinese culture .
in July 1997 , the HKTA hosted the International Association of Convention and visitor bureaux Annual Convention . some 200 leaders of convention and visitors bureaux around the world experienced Hong Kong &apos;s many advantages as an international meeting destination , and exchanged ideas on the development of the global meetings industry .
if you &apos;ve been to a computer show in recent months you might have seen it : a shiny silver drinks can with a ring-pull logo and the words ? opencola ? on the side . inside is a fizzy drink that tastes very much like Coca-Cola . or is it Pepsi ?
if we are brave enough to love , strong enough to forgive , generous enough to rejoice in another &apos;s happiness , and wise enough to know there is enough love to go around for us all , then we can achieve a fulfillment that no other living creature will ever know .
if a person is struggling to improve his Mandarin for work or business reasons , then he should make an effort to speak proper Mandarin as much as possible . this is especially important if he is operating in an environment where virtually everybody communicates in Mandarin or prefers to do so .
how do you decide whether to buy the stock of company A or company B ? or be-tween investing your money in Singapore or Malaysia ? the two commonly used approaches for such decisions are Technical Analysis and Fundamental Analysis . this article will introduce you to both approaches and their principles .
his third grade teacher wrote , &quot; Teddy continues to work hard but his mother &apos;s death has been hard on him . he tries to do his best but his father doesn &apos;t show much interest and his home life will soon affect him if some steps aren &apos;t taken . &quot;
his entry ? an analysis of the implications of China &apos;s entry into the World Trade Organisation - written in English , no less . sure , the grammatical mistakes were there and the language structure was less than perfect . but the sheer quality and sophistication of his arguments were obvious .
half a century ago , Japanese militarists and German fascists committed inhuman atrocities in Asia and Europe , atrocities which people the world over deplore . how sad to see , half a century later , the same tragedy actually being replayed in Indonesia , a country which was not at war .
gone are the years of revolution and war , and Singapore is now an independent state . today , Chinese Singaporeans relate themselve to their ancestral country in a cultural sense only , without identifying with it politically . nevertheless , there is still ample scope for cooperation on a state-to-state basis .
further , the low social standing of the arts people must be ameliorated . the responsibility rests primarily with the arts fraternity who must earn the public respect by demonstrating their worth as an indispensable component of a civilised society . this can be achieved with help from government and arts supporters .
fortunately , the government by and large appreciates the freedom artists need to express their views in artistic ways , as evident in the greater leeway enjoyed by the performing arts over the years.However , in handling individual disputes , the departments involved have sometimes shown themselves to be impatient and rash .
former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher says : &quot; in office , I read and analyzed his every speech . he had a way of penetrating the fog of propaganda and expressing with unique clarity the issues of our times and the way we tackle them . he was never wrong . &quot;
for the past couple of years , the Singapore government is actively encouraging and promoting creativity at the same time as it is improving the education system . some recent media reports in Hong Kong were also of the view that perhaps creativity is more important than the development of high technology .
everyone today is familiar with and has gained much from Singapore &apos;s bilingual policy , which has been around for many years . its success is due to support by many Singaporean parents , who have the foresight that their children can gain from the best of both worlds by pursuing bilingualism .
during the reunification period , the HKTA extended the operating hours of its information and gift centres and set up an extra counter at the airport , providing information and assistance to visitors . from June 28 to July 2 , almost 18000 visitors took advantage of these centres and visitor hotlines .
during 1997 , 501 port state control inspections were conducted on foreign merchant ships visiting Hong Kong . this represented about 11 per cent of the total number of ships visiting Hong Kong . about 38.32 per cent had deficiencies which had to be made good before they could leave Hong Kong .
curious crowds have been thronging the Sun Yat Sen Nanyang Memorial Hall since it opened on Nov 12 , especially on Sundays . among them are primary and secondary students who were having their year-end school vacation . I feel rather encouraged to see the young showing an interest in our history .
besides understanding the direct application to SWOT analysis , what is interesting to note is that Sun Tzu apparently placed more emphasis on understanding the enemy and oneself first . this is not only evident in the quotation cited earlier , but is also supported by another of Sun Tzu &apos;s saying :
at the southern tip of the continent of Africa , a rich reward is in the making , an invaluable gift is in the preparation , for those who suffered in the name of all humanity when they sacrificed everything -- for liberty , peace , human dignity and Hu man fulfillment .
as a matter of fact , early experiments of verbal learning show that nonsense-syllables ( for instance , BEDF , CATY , etc . ) that have more associations are remembered better . thinking will make learning more meaningful by relating the new to the old and the unknown to the known .
after a long period of negotiations , PSA Corporation and South Korea &apos;s Hanjin Shipping have finally signed a long-term agreement . both sides have also pledged continued future cooperation on a win-win basis . PSA &apos;s success epitomises Singapore &apos;s ability to respond with pragmatic and flexible measures to formidable challenges .
a further 13 ferry services were operated by eight licensed operators , including the service to discovery Bay on Lantau Island . these were supplemented by kaitos , local village ferry services , licensed to serve remote coastal settlements . at the end of the year , 87 kaitos were in operation .
a culinary capital is a wonderful idea but it certainly requires lots of selling and promotions . holding short festivals on Singapore food abroad is not enough . they reach out to only small pockets of people . there are travellers who pass through Singapore without having tasted the real Singapore food .
a Straits Times columnist argued against the move , saying that it would arouse suspicion in our neighbours and they might mistake Singapore as &quot; Third China &quot; . the article led to a debate between the English-educated and the Chinese-educated in the press , with each camp maintaining steadfastly its position .
a Police Property steering Group , comprising representatives from the Government Property Agency , the Security Bureau and the Finance Bureau , conducted regular meetings and has so far drawn up a comprehensive property strategy for the six Police Regions , on training facilities and on junior Police Officers &apos; married quarters .
a : the stuff I talked about in 1994 wasn &apos;t a sign of an impending crisis -- at least I didn &apos;t think so . but I suppose you could look at the indicators there and say there were signs there that Asia &apos;s growth at that pace was not sustainable .
Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong is , therefore , right : if you don &apos;t speak good English , foreigners would not be able to understand you . it applies not just to Singaporeans but to all members of the global community seeking to do business or make peace with one another .
Nantah graduates form a large part of the Chinese cultural elite today . the challenge is how to ensure the regeneration of that elite in the coming years and under new circumstances . this problem has to be resolved at two levels － at the conceptual level and at the practical level .
I often refer to new immigrants as &quot; paratroopers &quot; . we know little about life here when we touch down at Changi International Airport . but having made the decision to settle here , we must learn to live harmoniously with the locals and contribute to the growth of the country .
&quot; it &apos;s conceivable they developed ways to communicate with people since they &apos;ve interacted with people for so many years , &quot; says Douglas Nelson , a professor of bioacoustics at Ohio State University . &quot; but the cats could also have evolved different calls to communicate with each other . &quot;
－ if the bond is secured by a collateral . investors of the orchard 300 bond issued by Hallgaden Investment Pte Ltd ( a joint venture between Singapore Press Holdings and Lum Chang ) have the first legal mort-gage rights to The promenade , a commer-cial property at the heart of orchard Road .
your job , as political leaders , is to encourage such initiatives . to make sure they are not stifled , and that. all your peoples can benefit from them . and to limit , or to compensate for , the adverse effects that change always has , on some peopie , somewhere .
you can profit by buying and holding for a long time . don &apos;t put much stock in short － term speculations . buy stocks with a 20 － year investing horizon , and have realistic expectations for them . vanguard founder John Bogle suggests 8 ％ a year as a reasonable return .
while something has gone wrong in education , our society has failed to set up worthy values for the youth , too . where fast effects and A1 rankings are all that matters , little space is left for young people to embrace such values as propriety , righteousness , integrity and honour .
when asked if it would be realistic to talk about culture when one is struck by hunger , Prof Kao expressed concern over such a dilemma and emphasised that a poor man can be one who is cultured . he also mentioned the importance of education and economic growth in sustaining cultural development .
underpinning the growing popularity of things Chinese is the emergence of China as a potential world political and economic superpower.This coincided with its reopening up to the outside world which has enabled an increasing number of Americans to travel there in order to experience at first hand the splendours of this venerable civilisation .
try asking them . I believe for some at least , the original lofty ambitions , great aspirations and admirable goals must have taken a beating or even vanished completely from their minds.They have no choice but to bow reluctantly to reality and be content with a regular income and comfortable living conditions .
to win the case , the complainant must produce evidence that the quality of the Toshiba product fails to meet the standard , advised Prof Wang Liming of People &apos;s University of China , who is also member of Financial &amp; Economic Committee of the State Council , which is China &apos;s Cabinet .
to commemorate the reunification of Hong Kong with China , the council sponsored the presentations of The Last Emperor by the Hong Kong ballet , the Academy music Festival featuring the Academy of St Martin in the fields and the Reunification music Festival offering a series of concerts with a wide music spectrum .
this must be a world of democracy and respect for human rights , a world freed from the horrors of poverty , hunger , deprivation and ignorance , relieved of the threat and the scourge of civil wars and external aggression and unburdened of the great tragedy of millions forced to become refugees .
this is a good example of how ignorant some Singaporeans can be . of course , we have plenty to boast when it comes to corporate management or computer literacy . but what we do not even have an inkling of is the history of China , especially after the 1840 Opium War .
these are not , however , compliments in the absolute sense . we definitely have room for improvement : think about the ringing mobile phones at performances , about the recent M1 handphone exchange fiasco . improvement however , is provided that we assent that we can and must continue to move ahead .
therefore , the government should allow people to make speeches freely , whether they make good sense or not . it is up to the public to judge what the speakers say.Perhaps the venue will become a Hyde Park of Singapore where people speak and listen just for fun . let history decide .
then , pupils and teachers will put their collective works on show : bookplates along with brief reading reports . this has become the most eye-catching item among the school &apos;s achievements.This way , not only are the children encouraged to read more , but a refined aesthetic sense is cultivated in them .
the transfer of pig viruses to humans is unlikely . &quot; porcine products have a good history with humans ; pig skin has been used for years to treat bums &quot; , points out Purdue biomedical engineer Ste phen F. Badylak . some patients , though , may be allergic to pig products .
the seers are blind . economists have failed to call a single recession in the past four decades . a November 1989 National Association for Business Economists survey found them at their most optimistic in a decade , predicting clear sailing for at least three years . eight months later a recession arrived .
the road forward against terrorism is not easy , and we will need to keep our efforts up for a long time . as we look back at September 11 one year later , and remember the victims and console the survivors , we should have satisfaction at the progress made to date .
the reward of which we have spoken will and must also be measured by the happiness and welfare of the mothers and fa thers of these children , who must walk the earth without fear of being robbed , killed for political or material profit , or spat upon because they are beggars .
the public may lodge formal complaints against ICAC officers to the ICAC Complaints Committee . it consists of members of the Executive and Provisional Legislative Councils , and other prominent citizens . the commission also has an internal investigation group which monitors the conduct of its officers and investigates complaints against ICAC officers .
the pinnacle of the celebration programme was the Lantau link opening ceremony . about 1 000 guests , including mayors and representatives from overseas cities that have famous bridges and people in Hong Kong who have contributed to the ACP over the years , witnessed the ceremony on the evening of April 27 .
the genesis of the Zongpu is traceable to the Zhou dynasty ( 1050-221 BC ) . while other countries have their own methods of recording their heritage to suit their own requirements , the Chinese have developed theirs into a fine art , with characteristics and flavours that would be difficult to duplicate .
the first two generations of Singaporeans have to work hard for survival . as the standards of living were much lower in the early years , what the government could afford to provide for the people seemed greater . when we had little to begin with , any slight improvement would seem significant .
the department provides specialist training to enhance investigation , prosecution and other techniques . as part of international co-operation , the department organises courses for officers from other Customs administrations . in 1997 , 56 officers from the Mainland , Thailand , Singapore , South Korea and Macau attended courses in Hong Kong .
the department operates 661 fire appliances and supporting vehicles fitted with up-to-date fire-fighting and rescue equipment . during the year , four37-metre turntable ladders , nine 16-metre hydraulic platforms , seven major pumps , one mobile casualty treatment centre , nine mini trucks and one village ambulance were purchased to replace old ones .
the board assesses development needs in the light of changing demand , port capacity , productivity and performance and competition from regional ports . one of its main tasks is to determine what port facilities will be needed and to advise on the best means of ensuring that they are ready on time .
the art instructors are to teach the children how to make printing blocks out of plaster , with which bookplates will be printed . teachers of other subjects will recommend to their pupils titles suitable for outside reading , highlighting the significance of attaching an ex Libris onto a book they have read .
the Marine Department administers the port . its principal function is to ensure safety of navigation and efficiency of shipping activities in Hong Kong waters . this is achieved by comprehensive traffic management , harbour patrol , vessel traffic services , provision of mooring buoys and rigorous enforcement of major international maritime conventions .
the Law Reform Commission was established in January 1980 . it considers and reports on such topics as may be referred to it by the Secretary for Justice or the Chief Justice of the Court of Final Appeal of the HKSAR . its membership includes academics , practising lawyers and prominent community members .
the HKTA is developing a series of do-it-yourself Heritage and architecture walks on Hong Kong Island , and in Kowloon and the New Territories . upon completion , these walks will include automatic narrations in different languages , which introduce visitors to the history , and past and present architecture of Hong Kong .
the Force has 850 motorcycles and 1650 four-wheeled vehicles . to enhance safety for Police officers and other road users , three-point seatbelts have been fitted to all forward-facing passenger seats . vehicles have been fitted with air-bags and anti-lock braking systems . improved conspicuity markings on vehicles are an added safety feature .
the Customs and excise Department is primarily responsible for the collection of revenue and the prevention of revenue evasion on dutiable goods , the suppression of illicit trafficking in narcotics , the prevention and detection of smuggling , and the protection of intellectual property rights . it has an establishment of 4 773 .
suddenly , it was almost as if Singapore was playing . where a crowd could be found surrounding a TV during a South Korean match , cheers and gripped hands were overwhelmingly for South Korea . through the South Korean team , we felt the ecstasy of winning and the disappointment of losing .
some people might dispute this , saying that the English culture is just as rich as the Chinese culture , and just as life-enriching.Therefore , they feel it is not necessary and a waste of energy to concern themselves with another ancient culture . to correct this impression , we need some elaborations .
some among the English-educated still resent the hanyu pinyin fervour of the not-too-distant past , when the Favoured and familiar like Tekka Market was replaced by the alienating and unfamiliar such as Zhujiao Centre . cherished family names , too , had been changed into unrecognisable ( to the unconvinced ) hanyu pinyin .
some 1 010 IIs were apprehended while trying to enter Hong Kong by sea , compared with 1 554 IIs arrested in 1996 . a total of 451 Vietnamese people arrived by sea on 31 vessels in 1997 . of these , 377 elected to have their vessels repositioned and continued their journey .
so who is most likely to want or use human cloning ? first are those individuals or couples who lack the gametes ( eggs or speim ) needed for sexual reproduction . since the birth of Louise Brown , assisted-reproduction technologies have made remarkable progress in helping infertile women and men become parents .
so , the real challenge for Muslims today is to be true to Islam . and since the Islamic ideal is a community of excellence that is just , humane and rational , Singaporean Muslims stand firm in their belief that to be a good Muslim is to be a good Singaporean citizen .
situated at the tip of the Malay Peninsula and at the crossroads of the Pacific and Indian Oceans , Singapore &apos;s geographical location meant that its role in trade and communication between East and West cannot be challenged . more than 100 years of colonial rule also inevitably made English its official language .
since the last election , issues involving the Chinese community have been triggered one after another . these include rows over the planned vision schools , Chinese pressure group Suqiu , relocation of a Chinese primary school in Damansara , and outstanding Chinese students who have failed to gain entry into national universities .
since independence , the people in Singapore have been suffering from political indifference . on important issues such as government policies and regulations , international relations , and even on issues of immediate concern , their attitudes seem somewhat strange , not like the usual reactions found in ordinary citizens of any country .
since May , they have sent the photos that showed uniformed men tormenting and raping women to all the e-mail addresses and websites that they knew . they also asked the recipients to forward the photos . the alleged evidence horrified millions of web users and attracted the attention of the news media .
she stifled the children &apos;s laughter when she exclaimed how pretty the bracelet was , putting it on , and dabbing some of the perfume behind the other wrist . Teddy Stoddard stayed behind just long enough to say , &quot; Mrs.Thompson , today you smelled just like my mom used to . &quot;
scientists know only a little , so far , about photosynthesis . it is only a little more than a hundred years since the first account of it was given by a German scientist . but with more experimenting being done every year , much more will certainly be known before very tong .
presumably , this task is not limited to Hong Kong . all the countries and regions carrying out education reforms will meet with the same problem , but will probably overlook it.In this connection , the education reform in Hong Kong can find comparable aspects in what has been going on in Singapore .
people are already experimenting with food plants that have immunity  inducing genes from viruses in them , so the first of these ideas is not that incredible . it would be useful , though . Vaccinating soldiers the traditional way is slow , costly and ( for the troops concerned ) unpleasant .
other European countries and Japan subsequently demanded concessions from China , particularly after Germany , France and Russia rescued China from the worst consequences of its defeat by Japan in 1895 . in the ensuing tension , Britain felt that efficient defence of Hong Kong harbour demanded control of the land around it .
one of the palpable strengths of the United States is that it is truly an open society . this makes it easier for it to absorb cultural values and practices from other countries and to nurture them so that they become part of the social fabric of its own multiethnic and multicultural community .
on our part , we have to assume moral responsibility to ensure the continuance and bettering of what our predecessors started.In that same stride is where the sense of belonging can flow from those who worked for what we are today , to those who will work for what Singapore will be tomorrow .
on October 21 , a cold , frostbitten day , I went outdoors for my early-morning chores . suddenly I saw a young male ruby-throated hummingbird in what had been a patch of flowering tobacco . I couldn &apos;t believe my eyes . by this time he should have been somewhere near Florida .
more important , the EC &apos;s proposal must be able to help improve education . compared with other &quot; small dragons &quot; in Asia now carrying out education reforms and with more developed societies , Hong Kong is a late-starter as it has just set about tackling its problems piled up for years .
many Chinese-educated Singaporeans had avoided talking about the tortuous history of the Chinese community that had seen many setbacks . one of the reasons is that the quarrel between English-educated and Chinese-educated Singaporeans has quieted down for some years - people do not want to rake up the past and rekindle the debate .
local administrations also tried to profit from the situation . they asked the central government for greater budget . some counties , for instance , asked for a top-up of NT $ 1 billion ( S $ 56.1 million ) and got it , because the ruling party was keen to garner votes .
it used to be a steadfast belief that only men go crazy over football footwork . females are only responsible for going crazy over football faces . I &apos;m not a football fan but I can &apos;t help but get all excited with each World Cup , and not just because of faces .
it is thus important for new immigrants to get themselves integrated into society . interact with colleagues and make new friends , spend time together on community activities to improve mutual understanding . you will probably come to realise soon that locals are not very different from us in their outlook on life .
it is beautiful , and old , being born around the same time as me , hey , give and take a little , but while love comes and goes , arches , especially those commemorating and celebrating significance , go on forever , if only to dominate landscapes although not necessarily minds .
is it available ? to date , the Jarvik 2000 has been implanted in fewer than a dozen people in the United States and England . however , Dr. Jaivik predicts that , if the device is approved , the number of recipients will grow into the thousands within four to six years .
investments should be made with a long-term view . the ups and downs in the market can be made to work in your favour . if you think a stock is good , you can pick it up in small amounts so that you average out the cost of the investment over time .
in the media age , the structural control of the media , and the moulding of fixed models of argument and rhetoric through the media , are equivalent to moulding political agenda and public opinion . control over the media means control over ideas , language and the way people discuss particular issues .
in the long run , the success of the campaign is not to be defined by the penetration and common use of Mandarin as a high language by Chinese Singaporeans and the emergence of a Chinese intellectual and cultural elite . it will succeed only if we can successfully resolve the above paradoxes .
in old China , hand-written records of individual families ( Jiapu ) and clans ( Zongpu ) were painstakingly and accurately compiled , and periodically updated , for the benefit of their succeeding generations of descendants . these were handed down reverently from one generation to the next and treasured as family heirlooms .
in addition to China &apos;s population , there is a widespread Chinese diaspora . in Taiwan alone , Net-surfers will be totalling 5 million this year . as the Internet knows no borders or boundaries , the Chinese all over the world will be working together to boost the use of their language .
in a forum held in the Nanyang technological University , Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong pointed out that when other countries make offensive remarks about Singapore , there should be a sense of silent indignance amongst our university students . I am worried that we do not even have that kind of reaction .
in May , the unit organised a multi-disciplinary workshop on child sexual abuse and a seminar on forensic evidence for various professionals.Officers from this unit also attended a conference on &apos; offences Against Children &apos; held in Argentina in March and a &apos; Child pornography workshop &apos; held in the USA in June .
in 1997 , the department continued to produce radio and TV commercials to educate the public and enlist their support . in June , a panel briefing onthe ICAC &apos;s work was conducted for the overseas media , followed by visits to the ICAC . the events attracted 170 local and overseas journalists .
in 1982 , Professor Cui Qi , with two collaborators , achieved a significant breakthrough in the field of quantum physics . in 1998 , he was finally awarded the Nobel Prize for physics . although Prof Cui has become an American citizen , Chinese people everywhere are jubilant over his Nobel Prize .
imagine a cube put into and covered with water . the water pushes on all sides of the cube . the cube pushes aside a certain volume of water , depending on how large it is . or we can say , a large cube pushes aside more water than a small one .
if it were the people &apos;s desire that gave rise to the suggestion , the Speakers &apos; corner would be a great boon for society . as our population are becoming better educated and more discerning and insightful , a suitable venue for public speeches would enable them to air their views freely .
government spending on the environment in 1997-98 is expected to make up 3.3 percent of public spending , totaling $ 8.08 billion , compared with 0.8 percent in 1988-89 . all areas in Hong Kong are now covered by various water control zones and other measures controlling waste , air and noise pollution .
for thousands of years the values of propriety , righteousness , integrity , and honour as advocated in Confucianism have well taken root in Eastern societies . definitely this is a worthy tradition.Yet , to adapt to the coming new era , shouldn &apos;t we re-define and re-interpret our time-honoured tradition and values ?
first of all , as with all speculative financial activities , profits are made when the bet is proven right ; losses result if the bet turns out to be wrong . to speculate on broad market movements using SIF , one must be aware of the blow-up effect of gearing mentioned above .
first , East Asia continues to enjoy some strong fundamentals . they include our strong work ethic , our tradition of thrift and high savings , our emphasis on education , our willingness to suffer pain in the short term for long term gain and our belief in free trade and open economies .
either way , I am likely to flush bright red as the door , with embarrassment . what will my neighbours think of me ? what will my friends think of me ? what will they think of my tenant ? perhaps , the red door will repulse tenants of the respectable variety .
despite all , you can take advantage of a bear market . you don &apos;t have to be a market seer to take losses . just have some plan for selling losers and reinvesting immediately in comparable , but not identical , stocks or funds . the tax collector will share your pain .
cultural development must therefore keep abreast with the new environment that we face . however , economic development and social cohesion will remain our two pillars for prosperity and stability . cultural development is an important element for building a cohesive society and a vibrant cultural environment will contribute to our economic development .
by the way , the &quot; mother tongue &quot; in this article refers to the general standard language used by an ethnic group , and not the narrow definition of a &quot; mother tongue &quot; . with this definition , a new generation of elite will emerge more rapidly and with more success .
by any yardstick , we can be proud of our long-standing record of philanthropy for charities and education . this contributes significantly to the success of our public institutions.Nowadays , more Singaporeans from all walks of life , including students , would volunteer their services to care for the less fortunate among us .
besides , women who are capable have no problem carving a niche for themselves in this time and age . gone were the days when they had to depend on men . seeking a life partner has become a matter of choice for women , not a fate that they are resigned to .
as construction proceeds , extensive environmental monitoring and audit programmes are being conducted to ensure the acceptable performance of individual projects . in addition , environmental project offices have been established to monitor and audit the cumulative effects of the works and to ensure that environmental issues are quickly identified and acted upon .
are there other factors responsible for the average Singaporean &apos;s weakness in general knowledge and current affairs ? it is surely not lack of intelligence , for Singapore would not be where it is today if we do not have thinking people from all walks of life contributing to the nation &apos;s well-being .
any institution that stands between the creator of a product and the consumer of the product is going to have to rethink its value because the Net is going to make direct connections between those parties possible , especially in cases where the product or service can be reduced to bits and bytes .
another popular misconception has to do with Islam and terrorism . Islam does not condone terrorism . the word &quot; Islam &quot; itself literally means &quot; peace &quot; and &quot; submission &quot; . it is a religion shared by over 1.2 billion people on this planet , including 50 million Muslims in China .
and the ingrate can probably argue till the cows come home but the fact that that particular safeguard has made possible the establishment of the Islamic Religious Council of Singapore ( Muis ) and the Council for the Development of Singapore Muslim Community ( Mendaki ) for the Malays says much for itself .
an assessment of performances by local theatre over the last three to four years will make one realise this strange phenomenon : arts houses which have usually done fairly well will go haywire when they perform during the Arts festivals . and this happens frequently even to larger and much more experienced setups .
although they have been around since 1839 , fuel cells sound like the energy source of the future . a sort of self-energized battery , fuel cells work by stripping the electrons off hydrogen and creating an electric current . they operate at extremely high efficiency , and their main by-product is water .
a reliable and efficient postal service has been important in Hong Kong &apos;s development as a leading commercial , financial and industrial centre.Hongkong Post provides two deliveries of letter mail each weekday to commercial and industrial areas and one delivery to residential areas . parcels are delivered to all addresses in Hong Kong .
a programme to provide a secure radio system for the Witness Protection Unit and the VIP Protection Unit was completed . the Police driving School was provided with a dedicated radio system . a quality management system with reference to the International Standard for quality assurance ( ISO 9002 ) was successfully implemented .
a historical buildings survey continued in 1997 . so far , about one-third of Hong Kong has been surveyed with about 2000 unrecorded items of historic interest identified . the survey is expected to be completed by late 1998 . all the information and data collected will be computerised to facilitate future research .
a friend of mine named Paul received an automobile from his brother as a Christmas present . on Chrismas Eve when Paul came out of his office , a street urchin was walking around the shiny new car , admiring it . &quot; is this your car , Mister ? &quot; he asked .
a few years back , local collector low Chuck Tiew wanted to donate some priceless paintings to the National Museum , but when they could not reach an agreement , he decided to give the artworks to the Hong Kong Museum of Art which went on to build a gallery to house them .
Singapore is definitely able to become the Switzerland of Asia , but it has to learn from countries like Switzerland , Denmark and Israel . it must implement a far-sighted policy in science and technology where the emphasis for short-term commercial gains is juxtaposed with a long-term commitment towards basic sciences and culture .
Singapore has an early start in networking . if we deposit a sum of money at a particular POSB branch , we can withdraw our money from any other POSB branches in Singapore . this was an early step in networking . the networks of the future would have greater significance and implications .
Nations are not so different from individuals : the more we work together on tasks of shared importance , the closer our links become . the grand coalition of nations now working together against terrorism has built new ties between countries , bolstering U.S. relations with China , Russia , and many others .
I have heard of Singapore &apos;s beauty for a long time . recently , I had the opportunity to do some sight-seeing in this island nation while I was visiting relatives here . having been in Singapore myself , I now know that all I have heard about the country is indeed true .
I believe that as long as we have a solid cultural foundation and as long as we cherish the spirit of unity amidst diversity , the various communities in Singapore will be able to create a vibrant economy , a cohesive society and a resilient new Singapore in a turbulent , fast-changing world .
I &apos;ve mentioned inspiration . contemporary poets answer evasively when asked what it is , and if it actually exists . it &apos;s not that they &apos;ve never known the blessing of this inner impulse . it &apos;s just not easy to explain something to someone else that you don &apos;t understand yourself .
Hong Kong &apos;s travel and tourism industry faced challenges in1997 . after an exceptional increase in visitor arrivals and tourism receipts in 1996 , the industry turned down frommid-1997 . contributing factors included the depreciation of currencies in neighbouring economies , the fading &apos; 1997 &apos; appeal and a &apos; wait-and-see &apos; attitude .
Gravitation is the force which holds all the atoms of a star together . it holds the sun together and it holds the atoms of the earth together . it holds us on the earth ; if there were no gravitation , we and everything else would fly off the earth into space .
&quot; I have seen many other snowfalls , &quot; I wrote , &quot; but for some reason I always remember that night when the blizzard came on Christmas Eve . whenever I see the snow coming down and hear the wind begin to howl , I remember a dream that came true . &quot;
you feel out of the loop . are you no longer being invited to crucial meetings or getting important memos ? does your supervisor hem and haw when you ask for long-term assignments ? is your performance review delayed indefinitely ? if you sense that something &apos;s not right , it probably isn &apos;t .
yet , if these exist , perhaps they do , because we too have been as stone benches , as immobile and passive about changing them . but aren &apos;t we , as educators , the springboards of change - at least to inspire if not instil the values that will bring about change ?
yes , &quot; very hungry &quot; just about sums up the students I have had the privilege to teach in Chengdu . take alien . undoubtedly bright and hardworking , he was - in the intensive two-week course on the Asian Economic Crisis I taught late last year - a model of youthful drive .
with a view to enhancing its service to the travelling public , the tic management board has examined and simplified the application procedure for claims of ex gratia payments not exceeding $ 10,000 each . the simplified procedures shorten processing time by up to four months and were implemented from April 4 , 1997 .
what I wish to say is that the occasion is not unique because of these facts I have mentioned . rather , every single such occasion -- and there have been many , over many years , in many countries involving every kind of institution , organization and sector of society -- is unique .
to help resolve this dilemma , we turned to some of the best minds in the investing business -- all of whom have solid records of pulling the trigger at the right time . with their help , we &apos;ve come up with the following guidelines to help steer you through this all-important decision .
to compete , must the credibility of the media be put on the line ? must we rely on exposing skeletons in the closet in graphic detail to boost sales ? while many are against such practices , what we have before us is a negative example that proves to be a huge success .
to be fair , Singapore is on a par with Switzerland in such fields as economic growth , and even leads the latter in community amenities and other respects.Yet society is made up of individuals . a good country can be crowned with charm and grace by a people who are cultured and refined .
this phenomenon is not confined to individuals . take , for instance , a Chinese drama serial which will begin shooting soon . the director , the cast , the script and even the English title have all been finalised - except for the Chinese title which &quot; has yet to be decided &quot; .
they have a registered membership of 1.3 million and a total stock of 2.4million books and 173 459 audio-visual items . they issued 10.36 million books and audio-cassettes for home use in 1997 . the sha Tin Central Library and Tsuen wan Central Library are the most heavily patronized public libraries in Hong Kong .
these wires carry the current to our lamps . there is a thin wire inside an electric lamp ; you can see it if you look carefully . a thin wire has a higher resistance than a thick one . it tries to stop the flow of current . then it gets very hot .
there was no moonligh in Afghanistan on Nov. 18 2001 night . the new moon , marking the beginning of Ramadan , had yet to appear . invisible under the stars , an ummanned American spy plane circled inaudibly over a stretch of dark landscape , transmitting grainy images back to the United States .
there needs to be the creation of dialogue and forums and circumstances that allow opposing sides to find common goals and interests . and it cannot be at the political level ; it cannot be among leaders of countries . these institutions of education , affirmation and inspiration should rise where the people live .
there are many ways to contain population growth . unfortunately , the same cannot be said about measures to raise the fertility rate . when people equate childlessness to happiness , when they care more about freedom , money and themselves , few incentives will be good enough to make them change their mind .
the writing of clan genealogy would be entrusted to a committee of scholars , with inputs from the individual families . it would be revised periodically , to include the changes that occurred in the interim . each family would receive a copy and the rest would be kept at the village clan hall .
the sun is one of the stars in the galaxy , in which there are about 100,000 million stars . it is not in the middle of the galaxy , but rather near one edge . these stars form a group , the shape of which is rather like the shape of a watch .
the space would not help much if it were just an expanded lift lobby with balconies built around . the Housing Board would do well to allow tables with chessboards and accompanying chairs to be installed on the level . besides , light music may be played around the clock for a relaxed atmosphere .
the site adjoining the Ohel Leah synagogue , now containing a residential complex , also houses the Jewish Community Centre which serves all three congregations . the Centre offers its 710 member families supervised kosher dining and banquet , cultural and recreational facilities as well as a specialist library covering all aspects of Judaica .
the seat-belt legislation has been extended to bus drivers . from July 1,1997 , all new buses must be fitted with seat-belts for the driver &apos;s seat . bus drivers are required to wear seat-belts if fitted . a grace period of five years is granted to buses registered before July 1 , 1997 .
the search is under way for those who are behind these evil acts . I &apos;ve directed the full resources for our intelligence and law enforcement communities to find those responsible and bring them to justice . we will make no distinction between the terrorists who committed these acts and those who harbor them .
the recruitment efforts should start early , targeting various social strata and all walks of life . besides education and abilities , an active involvement in community affairs is also expected of the would-be MPs . more importantly , they must be politically sensitive and willing to devote themselves to society and the country .
the mentality of the young man begs the questions : does the attitude reflect the thinking of the majority of young Singaporeans or just a handful ? are young people here too Westernised and thus have no wish whatsover of &quot; keeping their roots &quot; ? are they proud of being Chinese at all ?
the government has pro-competition and pro-consumer telecommunications policies , implemented by the Telecommunications Authority ( TA ) . supported by the Office of the Telecommunications Authority ( OFTA ) , the TA oversees the regulation of the telecommunications industry in Hong Kong and administers the ordinances governing the establishment and operation of telecommunications services .
the first turn in the tide came when France discovered how to make plate glass . previous to this invention , all flat glass was cut from cylinders or disks of blown glass , but now the metal was poured directly from the pot onto an iron table and flattened with an iron roller .
the first Chinese-medium Internet company to go listed in the US , namely the Hong Kong-based China.com , saw its stock price trebled on being launched in July 1999 . several China-based Internet companies will be going listed abroad later this year . another wave of China-craze is expected on New York stock market .
the federal government of the United States of America rapidly increased the support for research in the natural sciences and biomedicine on a vast , unprecedented scale . it has been estimated that immediately after the war , the United States research budget approached half of the total research support of the whole world .
the department continued to take vigorous enforcement action to prevent and suppress unlawful trafficking in dangerous drugs and their manufacture and distribution . to reinforce this effort , it also enforced the Control of chemicals ordinance which aims at preventing the diversion of chemicals for the illicit manufacture of dangerous drugs and Psychotropic substances .
the department also assesses the taxable values of motor vehicles under the Motor Vehicles ( First registration Tax ) ordinance for the purpose of levying first registration tax . in 1997 , the Motor Vehicles valuation Group registered a total of 136 motor traders and assessed the provisional taxable value on 66 931 vehicles .
the crash is testimony to an old Chinese saying : &quot; in nature there are unexpected storms and in life unpredictable vicissitudes &quot; . it makes us sit up and become aware that accidents can happen anytime - no matter how impressive your record has been and how thorough the system of operation is .
the children must , at last , play in the open field , no longer tortured by the of pangs hunger or ravaged by disease or threatened with the scourge of ignorance , molestation and abuse , and no longer required to engage in deeds whose gravity exceeds the demands of their tender years .
the ballet continued to run its Education and Outreach programmes , which included dancing Around Ko Shan , dance maker &apos;s factory ( being part of the Artist-in-Residence Scheme ) , Journey into ballet History ( which targets primary and secondary students ) , and various performances at Town halls in the New Territories .
the appearance of the design form may be improved by a proper application color . in general , one should avoid applying too many colors to a design . too many colors on a product can create an unpleasant impression . however , colors can give more force to the form of a product .
the Minister for Information &amp; the Arts spoke of the need to encourage more students to study Chinese language at a higher level to ensure the continued transmission of Chinese culture in Singapore at the launching ceremony of the new-look Lianhe Zaobao on 18 May . following are the salient points of his speech .
the Media Research Sub-division keeps the government fully informed of public opinion as expressed in the information media . it produces daily reports summarising news and editorial comments in the English and Chinese press as well as on radio and television . it also produces special reports on subjects of interest to the government .
the International Law Division , headed by the Law Officer ( International Law ) , advises the Government on issues relating to public international law . lawyers in this division also participate in the negotiation of agreements and arrangements with other jurisdictions and handle requests to and from the HKSAR for international legal co-operation .
the HKTA also produced several target-specific brochures in1997 to tap potential market segments . these included Romantic Hong Kong ( for couples and honeymooners ) , the mature travellers &apos; Guide ( with special offers for visitors over60 ) and wet Weather wonders ( featuring ideas for what to do in rainy weather ) .
the District Councils &apos; main function is to advise the Government on matters affecting the well-being of the people living and working in the districts as well as on the provision and use of public facilities and services within the districts . the Government also consults these bodies on a wide range of issues .
the Development Section of the Marine Department co-ordinates all marine works associated with development and reclamation projects within the waters of Hong Kong , such as Tseung Kwan O and the new airport related developments . the safety of marine traffic and operations of port facilities were protected by taking appropriate marine traffic measures .
the Civil Division , headed by the Law Officer ( Civil Law ) , provides legal advice to the Government on civil law , drafts commercial contracts and franchises and conducts civil litigation , arbitration and mediation , on behalf of the Government . the division also provides counsel to the insider Dealing Tribunal .
the Chief Secretary for Administration is responsible to the Chief Executive for the formulation of government policies and their implementation . as the head of the Public Service , the Chief Secretary for Administration is one of the Chief Executive &apos;s principal advisers , along with the Financial Secretary and the Secretary for Justice .
studies under way include one for a new performance venue , which will help further develop Hong Kong &apos;s role as the Events Capital of Asia , the development of a strategy for visitor signage and information , and a study on further tourism development in Tung Chung and Tai Ho on Lantau Island .
since the implementation of the Security and guarding Services ordinance in 1995 , more than 700 security companies have applied for licences . the bureau carries out inspections on first application and annually . it also pays close attention to security companies with poor track records to ensure their compliance with the licensing criteria .
second , if the objective of the campaign was to replace Chinese dialect with Mandarin in such domains as hawker centres and coffee shops , would it not &quot; downgrade &quot; Mandarin , which had enjoyed its status as an elite language among the educated Chinese , to becoming a &quot; low language &quot; ?
recently , the newspapers had reported that many Singaporeans tried to make ends meet by terminating their insurance policies , forgoing tuition classes for their children and even ending maids &apos; contracts . but what about the other running household expenses-the daily meals , children &apos;s school fees , electricity bills and transport costs ?
racial harmony is the foundation on which we have prospered and made progress . it is a &quot; heartware-building &quot; process that can only be achieved in the long term . any damage to it or threat to its continuity must be addressed immediately - the onus is on all Singaporeans to preserve it .
professor Christopher Bulpitt , an expert in ageing , said that high levels of cholesterol and the red blood pigment haemoglobin can age men , while low levels of the liver chemical bilirubin may reduce women &apos;s ability to retain their youthfulness . looking older was not related to the amount of alcohol consumed .
our freedom will remain fragile and our rights empty shells if millions of South Africans continue to be cursed by the legacy of homelessness and hunger , ill-health and illiteracy . we have made remarkable progress in improving the lives of our people , but it will take many years to complete the task .
on Wednesday , in the open space in front of the People &apos;s Association Headquarters at Kallang , the scent of jasmine heralded an ethnic Indian President for our people - Mr S. R. Nathan , a veteran diplomat who receives nothing but the highest praise from people of different backgrounds who know him .
of equal importance , many bright young people and middle level professionals are keen to work for a new venture at substantially reduced remuneration , as it offers more scope for entrepreneurship and job satisfaction than the established companies . there is also a pride of achievement if their efforts contribute to its fruition .
of course , in a multi-racial society , we must not only promote cultural development , but also stress the need for social harmony . it has been the Confucian philosophy to accommodate divergent views . all ethnic cultures have different unique practices , but they also share a common goal of doing good .
not long ago , Mr Lim Swee Say , NTUC Deputy Secretary-General , projected that the rate of unemployment would rise to 4 per cent before the end of the year , and reach 7 per cent next year . given a workforce of 1.8 million , the number of unemployed could exceed 120,000 .
no doubt , the Singapore stock market has risen by about 55 % over the last six months and is the best performing asset class now ; yet , it is important to note that the stock market had also fallen substantially by about 37 % in the first 9 months of 1998 alone .
my point is simply this : the Chinese students &apos; threat is for real . and I make this point without at all wanting to &quot; exoticize &quot; them and make them look so perfect . they aren &apos;t and some of the flaws observed by our young Singaporean friend are all too true .
more concrete are the old-fashioned stone benches studding one side of the lakelet , inlaid with pretty tiled flowers . although its brackish waters suggest it &apos;s now yesterday &apos;s flavour of the month , the lakelet had its heyday during Nantah days when it symbolised for many the heart of the university then .
men believed that matter was made up of very little particles . they are too small to be seen . they were so small that they could never be further divided into small particles . so people gave the particles the name atoms . it means &quot; those which can not be divided &quot; .
like most teachers , she looked at her pupils and said that she loved them all the same , that she would treat them all alike . and that was impossible because there in front of her , slumped in his seat on the third row , was a little boy named Teddy Stoddard .
like it or not , Singlish has become an intrinsic part of Singapore life . it is used in everyday conversation of the average Singaporean . what sets it apart from International English or the Queen &apos;s English is its inclusion of colourful and humorous local slang with origins from Chinese dialects and Malay .
light travels so fast that the time in which it travels from the book you are reading to your eyes is so short as if there were no time at all . light reaches us from the moon , which is about 380,000 kilometres away , in only a little more than a second .
last year , a collaboration entitled One Hundred Years In Waiting by The necessary stage and theatre practice , both big names in arts circles here , was a letdown . imagine Forest , a joint effort by Arts fission Company and the T &apos;ang Quartet , showed clearly that the preparations were inadequate .
its launch issue was sold out the day after it hit the streets . it was so proud of itself that two days later , it ran front-page advertisements in all major newspapers telling disappointed readers to get the next issue early . the weekly is truly a phenomenon in Taiwan &apos;s publishing industry .
it has fallen further to the seventh rung in the World Competitiveness Yearbook published by the Lausanne International Institute for Management Development.Singapore leads in both polls mainly because its government has been pursuing better policies , and it possesses superior human resources , business environment , and information technology as compared with Hong Kong .
it has been noted that the influence of religious militancy has been growing in the region . some terrorist forces have even become threats to some ASEAN members by openly opposing the governments of these countries . without strong backing , it is doubtful that these terrorists could have been so bold and brutal .
however , a third-generation political leader has now taken the initiative to re-define this part of our history and make a more positive assessment of future development.While the minister &apos;s remarks could not rid them of the sense of angst , they said they did feel a lightening of the load on their shoulders .
how many different kinds of atoms are there ? when you think of the million of different kinds of things in the world , you would probably suppose there must be millions of different kinds of atoms . that is not so . the number of kinds of atoms known today is exactly 105 .
how it works : instead of hilling a tumor with large beams of radiation from only a few directions , as is done with conventional radiotherapy , peacock calculates precise angles and dosed using a computer and CT scan . then it fires up to 40 small beams at the tumor from many directions .
how do the more tradition-minded Chinese Singaporeans view these changing trends ? they would firmly disapprove if their family members went away on this occasion . they regard the reunion dinner and visiting relatives and close friends during the New Year as core values , without which it would lose much of its significance .
here at Princeton , every student outside the Engineering Department is required to graduate with knowledge of a language besides English . Princeton has a world-class language teaching programme , with some of the world &apos;s best teachers . every student is encouraged to take up a new language , and I chose German .
furthermore , our leaders , especially Mr Lee Kuan Yew , had on numerous occasions spoken up against aspects of Western policies or values as pitfalls to avoid . his strong advocacy on upholding certain time-tested Asian values , as being superior to those of the West , further alienated him to their media .
except for the sun , the moon looks the biggest object in the sky . actually it is one of the smallest and only looks big because it is so near to us . its diameter is only 2,160 miles , or a little more than a quarter of the diameter of the earth .
ever since its debut world-wide , the Internet has been dominated by English as the chief medium of communication . but how long will this situation last , given the rapid advancements in technology which enable the Net to support various languages ever more easily , and to spread its services ever more widely ?
electric wire is usually made of copper . copper lets the electric current flow easily through it . we say that it has a low resistance . some other metals also have a low resistance , but copper is the most useful . there are copper wires in millions of houses in the world .
during the year , the explosive Ordnance disposal Bureau rendered safe 12 083 explosive devices , including home-made bombs , pyrotechnics and unexploded items of ordnance . it was also required to investigate explosions . the most notable was an accident in which a man was killed during the filming of a special-effect sequence .
despite having made it to university , I still go through periods of self-doubt time and again over my ability to meet future challenges . looking at the current economic gloom , I even resent myself for pursuing paper qualification blindly as it means I will end up without a valuable and marketable skill .
could we take it as accidental that , with one voice , the 11 scholars admitted to an intention of breaking the bond and then stuck to it even under pessure from public opinion ? or could we believe the trouble will be easily cleared once the scholarship system is revised in some way ?
construction and fit-out work entered its most intensive phase during the year . all time-critical elements of the airport , from the airfield to the passenger terminal building and ground transportation centre , and from the airport island &apos;s road network to the installation of utilities and communications systems , were well in hand .
but many investors fall somewhere be-tween these two extremes . corporate bonds offer an alternative to equities and government bonds , providing some of the benefits of each . with corporate bonds , an investor can opt for a lower risk exposure than with equities but a higher income yield than with government bonds .
but if the overhaul was successful , in addition to our enviable reputation as an &quot; economic model &quot; , we would also stand to bag the honour of being an &quot; excellent example for developing humanity &quot; . do Singaporeans and the government have the resolve and determination to take up the challenge ?
because their knowledge expands to cover both the East and the West , they are able to incorporate the views of both the East and the West in their analyses and judgments , resulting in more competitive solutions . they are also able to look at problems from a more comprehensive and deeper perspective .
because monoclonal antibodies are so new , their long-term impact on survival won &apos;t be fully knowi for several years . &quot; but the research so far has been extremely promising , &quot; says Dr. Ellen Vitetta , director of the Cancer Immunobiology Center at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center at Dallas .
at the Nanyang technological University convocation on August 29 , Mr Wee Heng Tin , Director-General of Education emphasised the pivotal roles play by teachers in Singapore and urged them to help students be well prepared for the future through seeking new ways to deliver quality education . following are excerpts of his speech .
any religion cannot be held accountable for the actions of individual followers who have the free will to practise or rejects its teachings . fighting oppression is legitimate but Muslim extremists who perpetuate acts of terrorism , killing innocent civilians including non-Muslims , violate the teachings of Islam and all that it stands for .
any advanced research carries inherent risks . but nanotechnology bears a special burden . the field &apos;s bid for respectability is colored by the association of the word with a caba1 of futurists who foresee nano as a pathway to a technoutopia : unparalleled prosperity , pollution-free industry , even something resembling eternal life .
addressing the students &apos; complaints , Mr Pan Guoqu , at a simple freshmen orientation ceremony held in the canteen , went to great lengths to explain Nantah &apos;s unfavourable position . he also encouraged the students to accept the adverse conditions , and to endure temporarily the fact that the facilities were inadequate .
a new computer-aided Trunked Radio System has been put into service since September . it provides more radio channels and restricts unauthorised users from intruding into the system . the system also provides better communication between the Fire Services Communication Centre and all fire appliances , fireboats and ambulances , thus improving operational efficiency .
a few days &apos; cursory sightseeing left me — even with the most critical eye — only one simple word to describe the country : good . or , to borrow a set phrase from China , this young country has verily attained a high degree of civilisation in both material and non-material senses .
Thailand , as I said , is a Buddhist society ; at 6 : 00 in the morning everywhere you go you see monks walking on the sides of the roads with their beggar baskets . people give them food . it &apos;s very beautiful , the sharing and the trust given the monks .
Singapore is a modern city-state where information technology is highly advanced , and the government is devoting itself to developing the country as an intelligent island . major media players in Singapore like the press , radio and television have all gone on-line . the era of a &quot; new media &quot; has arrived .
PM Goh has said he is not concerned with Muslims becoming more religious , but rather , with them becoming more rigid in interpreting Islam . in response , Singaporean Muslims hope when a non-Muslim tells them not to interpret Islam rigidly , they do not mean Muslims should forgo their basic religious duties .
I wait for her answer . Angela &apos;s first marriage ended for the same reason as mine . she was left with her son , she never gave her husband another chance. she &apos;s with someone else now , the father of her three-year-old . she has a new life . she is happy .
I think the Government can only do so much . it can help protect and promote the different cultures but to play the leading role in bringing about greater integration among the races is a risky task . as long as sensitivities and differences exist , the Government has to tread the safe path .
I posed this question to some friends and the common reply was &quot; Nothing . just stay home and watch the parade on TV &quot; .Their tone gave the impression that it would be just an ordinary day for them but watching the parade was a must even though they didn &apos;t sound enthusiastic .
I joined the Anglo-Chinese School in 1946 , the year after liberation from Japanese occupation . I was one year late for primary one . by the time I reached secondary school , ACS was encouraging its ethnic Chinese pupils to take Mandarin as the second language . it was still British colonial Singapore .
I feel that sin boon Ann , Member of Parliament for Tampines GRC , had made some salient points on this issue in the recent parliamentary debates . his query was that who should be labelled a &quot; foreign talent &quot; ? in determining who foreign talents are , we must have well-defined criteria .
Hong Kong &apos;s waters are characterised by the interaction of oceanic and fresh water masses which vary in relative effect throughout the year . the variable freshwater discharge from the Pearl River has a marked influence on Hong Kong waters . in addition , three different ocean currents affect Hong Kong during the year .
Dr Taiwar said , however , that there were clear limits to what each rat could be made to do . &quot; the rats worked within their instincts . they appeared to finely calibrate their awareness of a difficult obstacle versus the pleasure they would receive if they overcame it , &quot; he said .
4 . it is increasingly common for the arts companies to seek large funding for overseas performances . with some worthy exceptions , many are of dubious value which neither advance the arts here nor abroad and should be discouraged . the substantial public money spent can be better utilised for more needy purposes .
&quot; cats are obviously very dependent on people for their needs , &quot; says Nicholas Nicastro , a graduate student who is working under psychology professor Michael Owren at Cornell University &apos;s Psychology of Voice and Sound Laboratory . &quot; I think cats have evolved to become better at managing and manipulating people . &quot;
&quot; I usually advise parties that harmony is precious ( Yi he Wei gui ) . I will tell them that there is no need to argue ; after all they are neighbours . in a way , I will persuade each to give way a little so that things can be settled . &quot;
&apos;Disciplined entertainment &apos; is the main theme of the training . once on board , participants are regarded as members of the ship &apos;s crew and take part in the operational routines . under the guidance of experienced instructors , they are trained to face new challenges and participate in team spirit building activities .
you all know the reasons which have impelled me to renounce the throne . but I want you to understand that in making up my mind I did not forget the country or the empire , which , as Prince of Wales and lately as King , I have for twenty-five years tried to serve .
yes , money makes the world go around . the availability of funds is a must in promoting the arts and culture . yet money is not the only answer . the mentality of the nouveau-riche - money will buy us the arts that we want - is an attitude that we should guard against .
within China , two currents of development are contending for the leading role . one stands for the inland north driven by political power , the other , the coastal south propelled by economic growth.Mostly from the south , our ancestors had characters of the southerners － they were flexible , open-minded , and adventurous .
why do so many choose to leave their country ? the reasons include disappointment with their milieux or jobs , sour relations with their bosses or colleagues , failure to get promotion after working for years , a broken family or marriage , or just a desire to leave this island and see the world .
why bother studying something that probably a lot of cat owners might have already guessed ? because it &apos;s not really been done before , says Nicastro . he says the field of animal behavior and communication is rich with studies on rare and exotic species , but contains surprisingly very little data on cats .
while many are becoming preoccupied with &quot; I &quot; , &quot; me &quot; , and &quot; mine &quot; , words for our fellow humans are disappearing from their vocabulary . the love once cherished in the heart of many has been chilled in this cold world , and warm-hearted persons are a rare species now .
we are a highly-educated , highly-literate nation that loses its interest in literature the minute we leave school . worse , we think those who pursue art and have no condo to show for it are squandering their lives . so funding local artists and building a structure to house art is simply not enough .
vehicle examination is to upgrade vehicle safety through improved design requirements and correct maintenance . the private car inspection scheme is carried out at 23 designated car-testing centres . compulsory annual inspection applies to all public services vehicles and goods vehicles.Examination of trailers is being implemented to cover all trailers by March 1 , 1998 .
today , Singaporean Chinese form the largest community in our multiracial society . through decades of local socialisation , first under British colonial administration and then as an independent country , they have distinguished themselves from the Chinese elsewhere . they have generally retained Chinese cultural norms , customs , linguistic characteristics and traditional values .
to extend the search , especially for the wreck of the missing boat , a naw hydrographic vessel employed a proton magnetometer -- a powerful metal detector -- and side-scan sonar , which gives three-dimensional readings . some suspicious profiles were recorded , and more work may be done , possibly with a submarine robot .
they know that the destiny of Singapore is in Southeast Asia . they preserve their heritage but subsume its display under the broader complexion of Singapore nationalism . they leave Singaporeans of all races in no doubt that their political standpoint is solidly based on the national interest of an independent Singapore in Southeast Asia .
they built a balloon . it was made of thin cloth and paper . they lit a fire beneath it . up into the air it went ! it reached a height of 1,800 metres . then the air inside the balloon became cool and it came slowly down and gently rested on the ground .
there are of course many reasons why some local arts groups have not been able to keep up their good performance during the Arts Festival . I believe the attitude of treating the Arts Festival as a &quot; special event &quot; is one of the reasons why some groups just cannot get their act together .
the year also saw two long-term investigations undertaken by a CCB Task Force come to fruition . Enquiries into the activities of two publicly-listed companies , which had taken several years to complete , led to charges being laid against eight people in Hong Kong and extradition proceedings being initiated against a suspect in Australia .
the training programmes have been devised to cope with various weather conditions and the special requirements of children of different aptitudes and backgrounds . the Adventure ship project has created new horizons for many thousands of young people , enabling them to enrich their experience while visiting and discovering the beautiful scenery in Hong Kong .
the sentimental distance between Singapore and China stems from a desire for a distinct nationhood . yet it is not without positive significance.Singapore is not identical to China , hence our cool detachedness and objectivity . herein lies Singapore &apos;s strength , which explains why Westerners have often consultedour leaders for advice on China-related issues .
the problems that pupils weak in Chinese face are not necessarily tougher than those who are poor in English and the sciences . but for students who are hard-pressed for time , it is wiser to work on improving English as a better command of English will also help them do well in other subjects .
the number of robberies involving the use of genuine firearms rose slightly during the first half of the year for the first time since 1993 , although no high-powered firearms surfaced . sustained Police enforcement activity contained the situation and there were 13 robberies involving the use of genuine firearms compared with seven reported in1996 .
the new policy on Chinese education announced recently by the government reinforced the position of the Chinese language in our society . the policy allows for a flexible way to encourage more Chinese students to achieve higher standards in Chinese , and to nurture a group of Chinese elites with a good command of Chinese .
the culture in East Asia is significantly different . leaders prefer to pursue goals by building trust , by a process of consultation , mutual accommodation and consensus.This is sometimes referred to as the &quot; ASEAN way &quot; . there is a general reluctance to build institutions , or to rely on laws and rules .
the Provisional Regional Council manages three major civic centres in sha Tin , Tsuen wan and Tuen Mun and three smaller ones in North District , Tai Po and Yuen Long . two new theatres in Kwai Tsing and Yuen Long are under construction and are expected to be completed in 1998-99 and 1999-2000 respectively .
the Police Data Network connecting stations and offices was put in place to provide an information highway for the sharing and transfer of information between different information systems . a Bulletin Board System was also implemented as part of the Police e-mail Network to facilitate the promulgation of documents of common interest within each division .
the Personal Data ( Privacy ) ordinance aims to protect the individual &apos;s right to privacy with respect to personal data . it incorporates internationally accepted data protection principles governing the collection , holding , processing and use of personal data , including the right of individuals to access and correct their own personal data .
the International Children &apos;s Arts Festival , which entered its eighth year in1997 , is an annual summer event organised by the council for the young and family audience . visiting artists participating in the 1997 festival included Chapertons comic theatre from Spain , Nikolaus the Clown from France and Guangdong Puppet troupe from China .
the Dragon boat Festival is celebrated on the fifth day of the fifth moon in memory of an ancient Chinese poet who committed suicide by jumping into a river rather than compromise his honour . the festival has developed into a joyous event characterised by dragon boat races and rice dumplings wrapped in lotus leaves .
surprisingly , scientific ethicists seem to say yes . &quot; choosing personal characteristics as if they were options on a car is an invitation to misadventure , ? says John Paris , professor of bioethics at Boston College . &quot; it is in the diversity of our population that we find interest and enthusiasm . &quot;
sadly , 15 years of democratic rule following the downfall of Marcos have not helped the country &apos;s economy pick up . instead , there have been many scandals of corruption by officials and endless social unrest - effectively keeping foreign investors away and making it impossible for the people to lead a better life .
planning also progressed well for a new vehicle pound and vehicle examination facility to be built at Tai Po and North Lantau . these facilities will enhance the capability of the Traffic Police to enforce legislation regarding the construction and use of vehicles , and enable obstructions to be removed more rapidly from major roads .
outward Bound activities in Mainland China continue to progress satisfactorily . HKOBS has run numerous courses at the Bank of China International Finance Training Centre in Qingyuan . during the latter half of the year , a China Development Fund was established through a donation to further the development of outward Bound in the Mainland .
one good instance was the recent International Debate Contest in Chinese for University Students 99 sponsored by the Beijing-based CCTV in collaboration with TCS . the best performances came with the concluding bout between the two finalist teams , one from Xi &apos;an Jiaotong University from China and the other from the University of Malaya .
now , the statistics of the United States shows that the world &apos;s Net-surfers had totalled 171 million until May 1999 , and 200 million by the end of 1999 . it is predicted that the figure will reach 320 million by the end of 2000 , and 720 million by the end of 2005 .
not long ago , my colleague Han Yong Hong wrote a news report that the curtains would fall for the last time for sin Yong Hua Heng - a Teochew opera troupe with 174 years of history - after its aptly-chosen swansong &quot; wan Gu Liu Fang &quot; ( An everlasting legacy ) in Yishun .
new ways to Target rays . one of the most effective ways to kill cancer is with radiation . the problem , though , is that traditional radiation strikes not only cancerous cells , but also the surrounding noncancerous tissue , and can cause side effects ranging from nausea to organ damage and even paralysis .
my great-great-grandfather was tricked in Singapore and was put on a Dutch steamship to Bangka . he and his fellow countrymen suffered inhuman conditions in the mines . they could not redeem their freedom even with the savings from a lifetime of hard labour . many of them escaped into the primary jungles of Bangka .
likewise , Eastern societies generally treasure the well being of the family and , by extension , that of the nation and the state . so the Chinese have been taught to emulate their ancient role models who would gladly be the first to bear hardships before everybody else and the last to enjoy comforts .
it is the duty of a government founded on democracy and the rule of law to punish criminals . anyone who breaks the law must face the consequences . granted that American schoolboy Michael Fay is neither an arsonist nor murderer , he still must not be spared from punishment for car vandalism and theft .
it is certainly a good suggestion . but the sub-committee must develop parents &apos; confidence in the school , and get rid of wrong perceptions about sports or the school that some people may have . it also has to be careful in its admission criteria , to make sure every student receives excellent training .
in the face of such internal and external &quot; troubles &quot; , youths like us who had such high hopes for Nantah did not know what to do . some anxious students complained incessantly to the university authorities over the inadequacy of the facilities , the shortage of lecturers and professors , and so on .
in recent weeks , the local media reported prominently the unedifying spectacles of a Singaporean money changer allegedly cheating hundreds of Chinese workers of their hard-earned savings here.Then there was a cruel Singaporean employer inflicting serious bodily harm on her Indonesian maid and a gruesome murder and robberies committed cowardly against elderly and disabled Singaporeans .
in parallel , during the last century , industrialization de veloped in the western world . the interaction between the sciences and the new industries slowly increased , an early example being the one of the chemical industry in Germany , the &quot; high technology &quot; of the last century , that became leading internationally .
in driving simulators , marijuana does impair visual skills and mental dexterity . but studies of actual driving show that even high doses of marijuana have less impact than alcohol , perhaps because smoking it doesn &apos;t usually make people so reckless . in one study , low doses of marijuana made drivers more cautious .
in 1994 , he interviewed over 100 persons in Singapore , Kuala Lumpur , Jakarta , Bangkok , Shanghai , Beijing , Seoul and Tokyo . the persons interviewed were think-tank experts , officials , businessmen and women , journalists , cultural and religious leaders . what were the principal conclusions of Hitchcock &apos;s survey ?
here &apos;s how it works : take ＄ 10,000 . put ＄ 2,000 each in CDs , for instance , maturing in one , two , three , four and five years , with the 5-year offering the highest rate . when the one-year comes due , take that money and buy a 5-year CD .
generally , there are two aspects of the Net . one is the networking between businesses and their customers . the other is the networking between individual businesses , or the regional and even global networking between industrial production and scientific research . the examples of the POSBand Internet shopping belong to the first aspect .
from July 3 , 1997 , to December 31 , 1997 , 2281 applications for declaration of change of nationality were received . by the end of 1997 , 30 applications for naturalisation as Chinese nationals , two applications for renunciation of Chinese nationality and no applications for restoration of Chinese nationality had been received .
for all the promise of antiaging creams and therapies , nothing has ever restored the vigor of youth or even delayed the inevitable process of growing old . researchers now claim to have developed a compound that might rejuvenate hearts and muscles -- by breaking the stiff sugar-protein bonds that accumulate as we get older .
for China to acquire cultural soft power , the road ahead will be long and difficult . much needs to be done by Prof Yu and other Chinese intellectuals to lay a strong foundation for the eventual completion of this cultural bridge which will pave the way for it to achieve a new golden era .
each ethnic group has its own history , culture , values and moral standards . just highlighting the common ground will not make these differences disappear . the beliefs , customs , and habits of our diverse communities will not vanish either because of some general and shared values that are supposed to transcend ethnicity .
during the year 782 money laundering cases were prosecuted and $ 7.9million , being the proceeds of various crimes , was confiscated . a further $ 40.6 million was under restraint pending court proceedings . ten investigations were launched into the channelling of the proceeds of crimes committed overseas , into or through Hong Kong .
civilians play a vital role in the Force and have a wide variety of functional duties to complement the work of the disciplined staff . a new performance management system based on the core-competence concept was launched for the Police Communications Officer grade in 1997 , in keeping with the Force &apos;s strive for excellence .
but to the majority of Singlish speakers , I urge you to hobnob with those who speak good English , whether they locals or foreigners . engage them in frequent conversations and express yourself courageously . it &apos;s all right to be a chatterbox when you are learning to master the art of vocal enunciation .
but Singapore has a different political culture . as the government is serious with everything it does , the people take everything it does seriously.For example , some of those interviewed believe that both the government and the people should treat the corner seriously , and that speeches made there should be substantive and constructive .
besides the local degree holders in CL and culture , the majority of local degree holders , majoring in other professional disciplines , have at most only attained the GCE &apos; A &apos; level of Chinese as a second language . hence it is questionable whether they will benefit greatly from their attachment in China .
besides , it is embarrassing that all the members of the Singapore team were students from China . where are our bilingual elite that Singapore has brought up ? is our city-state so kiasu or defeat-fearing that , to ensure championship , it must depend on a foreign legion in almost each and every competition ?
besides , conceit and a sense of superiority have either blinded us to our own weaknesses or made us ignore them . we go on viewing foreign talent who have much to contribute to our continued prosperity with tainted glasses . we need to address these two problems to overcome the issue over foreign talent .
at his National Day Rally speech last Sunday , Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong spoke at length on how changes in the Muslim world can affect us . but he devoted an even greater portion of his speech to encourage Singaporeans to work closely with the government to forge ahead in the face of adversity .
as many victims of sexual and related crimes were juveniles or young people , the committee felt that sex education in schools was an important preventive measure . it provided valuable advice on the drawing up of the new sex education guidelines in schools and the provision of training to teachers to teach sex education .
as a small nation with scarce human resources , it is no easy task to nurture an Olympic or world champion . still , this is not a case of &quot; mission impossible &quot; . what is critical is that we must work towards the same objective with determination , conviction and the right approach .
as I see it , the loose alliance of some opposition parties was a far cry from the ruling People &apos;s Action Party &apos;s well-thought-out and highly flexible game plan . even on nomination Day itself , it was clear that the line-up from the opposition could hardly pose a serious challenge to the PAP .
apart from giving students the opportunity to master an additional language which may prove handy in future for career advancement , the objective of letting students take up a third language is to help foster better understanding between the different racial communities as well as greater appreciation of the culture of the different ethnic groups .
another thing that impressed me is that all the Swiss friends I met on the tour take pride in their motherland . talking of their government &apos;s policies , even those they are not very happy about , they would not show any helplessness which Singaporeans sometimes would betray about certain systems of their island-state .
and why not ? don &apos;t we have a rich melting pot of Asian flavours ? don &apos;t we have able cooks who keep on grabbing top prizes in international cooking competitions ? don &apos;t we have a wider , though not yet comprehensive , variety of ethnic restaurants , compared to many other countries ?
amid all the hammerings investors have endured since early 2000 , the market plunge after September &apos;s terrorist attacks would seem to qualify as a bottom.Trouble is , no one ever knows until much later when the market has reached its nadir . false bottoms and bear market rallies have trapped investors since time immemorial .
always give credit . many leaders note that the most efficient way to get a good performance from others is to treat them like heroes . giving public credit to someone who has earned it is the best leadership technique in the world . it is also an act of generosity that &apos;s never forgotten .
all was fine until these Singaporean businessmen proposed that &quot; since you like Singapore so much , shall we develop a mini-Singapore ? everything will be the same as in Singapore except for the national flag . what do you think ? &quot; the suggestion , of course , put an end to the conversation .
after the Nato bombing of the Chinese Embassy at Belgrade , university students in China , fuelled by fervent patriotism , demonstrated in front of the American Embassy . with increasing corruption in Indonesian politics and social instability , Indonesian university students took the lead inorganising protests which eventually led to President Suharto &apos;s downfall .
a simple experiment will show us this motion we call heat . if we sprinkle some powder into water and then study it under a microscope , we shall see the particle of the powder being pushed about by the molecules of the water . if the water is heated the particles move more quickly .
a message on the local TV has won my admiration : &quot; Singapore , my home , our future . &quot; I belief that , given time , the country will be able to create a brilliant cultural life for all those who live and work on the island — or come for a visit .
Xian spent his childhood in Singapore and studied in Yangzheng Primary . similarly , books penned by Chinese on the life of Xian that I have come across are vague on this . many in the Chinese cultural circles do not know Xian had his early education here and have never heard of Yangzheng School .
Singapore has stern laws and rules to regulate people &apos;s lives , not even sparing their trivial mischief . accustomed to the system , Singaporeans have become apprehensive about anything banned by law , because any violation — either a crime or a mere blunder — will incur sure penalties with little room for mitigation .
Mr. Hay was once asked by reporters about the results of a conference he had just had with the Chinese ambassador to the United States , Mr. Wu . Mr. Hay responded , &quot; I am not sure . after conferring for three hours , Mr. Hay was woozy and Mr. Wu was hazy . &quot;
Kara : I flew to Seattle for preliminary tests on September 20 , 1994 . I was excited . there &apos;s something beautiful in knowing that you have the ability to save your sister . but I was also fearful : if the transplant didn &apos;t work , would that mean I &apos;d failed her ?
I &apos;m now studying for a bachelor &apos;s degree in Sydney . many Westerners whom I &apos;ve met are surprised that I can speak both English and Mandarin fluently . some Australians thought I must have lived there for at least a few years when I have in fact been there for only six months !
9.Always meet in a public place the first time . what if , haven forbid , you &apos;ve hooked up with some jagged Edge-type psycho , or what if she &apos;s he ? there are many reasons you don &apos;t want to be pounding on someone &apos;s door for a private first  time encounter .
&quot; offshore Funds &quot; as a classification is in itself incorrect . while it was originally a term used from the UK to describe funds set up in the Channel Islands of Guernsey and Jersey , these days the vast majority of such funds are not actually offshore at all , but very much land-locked .
you can argue that this habit may not extend beyond artistic pursuit . the truth is that there are few well-off Singaporean artists . by and large , they live a frugal and simple life and are not given to extravagance . in fact , they are more likely to help save rather than spend money .
with the whole Vietnamese migrant saga entering its final chapter , the HKSARG has conducted an overall review of its policy on Vietnamese refugees , migrants and illegal immigrants . the aim is to resolve the problem of the remaining Vietnamese refugees and migrants , and to speedup the clearance and repatriation of Vietnamese illegal immigrants .
with the advance in information technology , the trend towards a global village is emerging . some may think that since Singapore and Australia are far apart - a flight to Perth which is nearest to us takes five hours - racist acts by the One Nation party may not have any negative impact on us .
why do we have such wishful thinking ? why is the SIA plane crash such a shock to us ? is it because we have grown &quot; accustomed &quot; to SIA winning the top spot in a few global rankings every year and as a result , our expectations of the airline have also gone up ?
when your grandmother and I asked our granddaughter Janey what kind of college she was interested in , she had a one-word reply : &quot; diversity . &quot; I agree with her 100 % . I think that tolerance of diversity will be the key to the survival of the United States in the 21st century .
we all have them , but if your hair looks permanently out of condition it may be an indication of something more serious . hair is a barometer of your general health . it is also one of the first parts of the body to suffer if you have a poor diet or underiving medical problem .
upgrading of the Ambulance Mobilising software is also in progress . the upgraded system will be able to select the most appropriate type of ambulance to respond to a call . for example , Emergency Medical Assistant Ambulances will be despatched for trauma cases and ambulances equipped with a defibrillator will be sent for cardiac cases .
true , nominated MPs can and do speak up for the particular fields they represent . but other than making comments and suggestions , they have no voting powers . NMPs are also seen by some people as supporters of the government . I believe the ruling party will welcome the existence of a constructive opposition .
this could mean treading on unfamiliar ground and acquiring new skills that could steer us well in the times ahead.NTU students can take up lessons at the Centre for Chinese Language and Culture which offers courses on Chinese culture , language , history and business writing that will strengthen their understanding and appreciation of the language .
there is yet another problem with automated answering machines . just a moment of distraction and you are likely to lose track of the number you need to press . and you cannot return to the previous step ! so you either give up or , if you have the patience , start all over again .
the situation regarding vehicle theft continued to improve . overall , 2 184motor vehicles were reported missing in 1997 , a drop of 14.7 percent compared with 1996 . the number of robberies involving the use of firearms - both genuine and pistol-like objects - was 79 , a decrease of 4.8 percent compared with 1996 .
the ruthlessness of politics in human history can leave one terror-striken . but even if the feeling is as nerve-wracking as coming face to face with a &quot; ghost &quot; , the question is : &quot; has anyone really seen a ghost ? &quot; ghost stories are just hearsay , not backed by any scientific evidence .
the readers used the forum to argue the case for the Huaren ( ethnic Chinese ) who suffered . they also shouted slogans , disseminated information , appealed for help and organised protests . as some of the opinions were too emotional and belligerent , Zaobao online has to be very selective in choosing its contents .
the purchase of Nanyang Press by the Malaysian Chinese Association ( MCA ) is the latest in the series of controversies . the MCA has defended its takeover as a &quot; golden business opportunity &quot; and &quot; long-term strategic investment &quot; - but few , if any , are convinced that the decision is not politically-motivated .
the programme is in line with a long-term strategy to produce new housing and to meet outstanding demand , and to encourage homeownership in the community . the Hong Kong Housing Authority , with primary responsibility for this programme , plans to build some 198345 flats in the next three years 1998 / 1999-2000 / 2001 .
the poor woman hurried and , with trembling hands , stirred up the coals and put water into a brass coffeepot . but , before the water boiled , her husband finished the cake , rubbed his hands together and said to her , &quot; Go back to your father &apos;s house , ya mara . &quot;
the political leaders of our generation have on their shoulders the historical mission of carrying forward the cause of world peace , development and progress into the future . history is both fair and unmerciful . we must not fail the ardent expectations of the people throughout the world . let us join hands and work .
the management and operation of on-street metered parking spaces is contracted out to a private operator . On-street parking is provided where traffic conditions permit . at the end of the year , there were 14 190 parking spaces in Hong Kong , with meter charging mainly between 8 am and midnight from Mondays to Saturdays .
the magazine has a masterly grasp of readers &apos; sense of curiosity and stands out with its Hong Kong-style sarcasm that is not too mean and its daring and never-bow-to pressure stance . it has no doubt created a stir in Taiwan , but it will take a while to see the effect of the impact .
the leading Chinese intellectual and cultural elite is necessarily cosmopolitan , pluralistic , and open-minded . convincing role models are scholars such as tu Weimin and YuQiuyu and artists such as Pan Shou and Tan Swee Hian . though not necessarily bilingual , their perspective and concern are beyond being Chinese , but humanistic and universal .
the higher need for certainty of income would mean a lower tolerance for volatility . although cash deposits may earn interest , however , due to their shorter tenors , or time-frames , an investor may face the risk of roll-ing over , or reinvesting his money , at lower interest rates when the deposit matures .
the first reason is what I would call &quot; the human factor &quot; . progress in fundamental research is mostly due to &quot; fluctuations &quot; namely , sudden changes due to intellectual breakthroughs . without such a &quot; catalyzing &quot; element , even the most extensive investments in terms of resources will not be as effective .
the doctor was giving a testimony to prove that he and his colleagues were not guilty of negligence . in treating a Caucasian patient , he pleaded , the doctors could only have worked with extra care rather than commit any negligence.The argument &apos;s usefulness in the legal case aside , the assumptions herein are thought-provoking .
the concept of a knowledge-based economy was already mooted by German scholars at the beginning of this In 1957 , American economists found out that between 1909 and1949 , in the growth rates among the non-agricultural sector , skills contributed 87.5 per cent towards growth , while labour and capital contributed a mere 12.5 per cent .
the authorities believe in open and accountable government . this requires reasonable access to government information . the government introduced an administrative code on access to government information , starting with a pilot scheme in March 1995 . the code was then extended progressively to the whole of government , achieving that target in December 1996 .
the United States and the People &apos;s Republic share many common perspectives . we share common interests in safeguarding stability in the region . we pursue military cooperation , as friends rather than allies . that cooperation threatens no nations . indeed it maintains the peace to which we both aspire in Asia and the Pacific .
the September 11 tragedy and the recession worked to the advantage of the PAP , but the &quot; by-election effect &quot; did not materialise for the opposition . the reason was simple : there were few credible candidates in the opposition camp . in other words , the quality of the candidates was the decisive factor .
the PDB &apos;s Port cargo forecasts are the basis of the government &apos;s Port Development Plan and Programme . they are revised every two years to ensure that they are kept as up-to-date as possible.A contract was signed in April 1997 to conduct the major review and the next forecasts will be published in early 1998 .
the PAP had its finger on the pulse of every constituency and was able to fine-tune its strategies with ease . for instance , Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong gave the initial impression that he was not keen on wrestling Potong Pasir and Hougang back from the opposition , thus lowered the guard of their incumbents .
the Complaints Against Police Office ( CAPO ) investigates all complaints from the public concerning the conduct and behaviour of members of the Force . the Independent Police Complaints Council ( IPCC ) , which is an independent body comprising non-official members , is appointed to monitor and review the investigation of complaints against the Force .
thanks to the industry buzz of a takeover by China.com , LibertyOne &apos;s shares nearly doubled in September.Analysts said that deal would represent the &quot; finest flowering &quot; of the cyber deal in Australia . and the merger is a natural step from many Internet companies in Australia looking to make money out of the Internet .
speaking as a part of Nantah , I believe that the &quot; national treasure &quot; honour conferred upon Mr Pan should include his contributions towards the building , the foundingand the running of Nantah . let his legacy live on in the annals of Nantah , up there with the likes of Mr Tan Lark Sye .
secondly , the DPP recently endorsed a resolution that any altering of the island &apos;s status quo must be decided through a referendum by all the residents on the island . and this resolution will take precedence over a &quot; Taiwan Independence Article &quot; in the party &apos;s programme which calls for a referendum on independence .
remnants of the original clay core were removed from inside the prince &apos;s head by Erzsebet Lantos , a necessity because the clay is laden with sea salts , which would have continued to damage the bronze . under fiber-optic light Renzo Giachetti uses a scalpel to scrape minute deposits from the back of the torso .
professor Daniel Kwok of the Hawaii University deliveredthe Tan Kah Kee Lecture in Singapore recently on &quot; China : Theone and the many , an end-of-century view of unification and division in the Chinese historical experience &quot; .In his speech , he touched on the identification of Chinese culture . below are excerpts from his lecture .
prison marks a man . he goes there to pay debt for the crime he committed against society , but when his term ends , society rarely gives him a paid-in-full receipt . nobody wants him . the only route open for him leads back to crime . I know ; it almost happened on one .
people still remember , I believe , the heated discussion not long ago about the disciplinary problems of some girl students . while few would object to the inclusion of fighting , cutting classes and disrespect for teachers into the discussion , it is arguable that boys-like girls should be labelled as &quot; problem students &quot; .
our ethnic and cultural diversity is no doubt the envy of many countries . yet we must be aware of the need to keep treading cautiously in managing inter-racial relations.We must also always be ready for open and honest communications . this is a basic attitude that will ensure our multiracial society will continue to thrive .
on the other hand , Chinese mediators go beyond performing the function of a facilitator by intervening to restore the relationship that had been strained or severed.Their primary goal is not a solution or an agreement to the dispute , but the restoration of a harmonious relationship . here is an excerpt from a Chinese mediator :
of course I am not saying all our university students are indifferent . in Singapore , there are of course university students who have contributed much to society . I merely wish to analyse what university students in Singapore elsewhere , by observing and thinking about the issue and by speaking with the people around me .
newspapers play an important part in the transmission cultural values . and values provide the tools for economic and social success , and for holding a nation together . the task is particularly important today given our openness , and the fact that the young have so many distractions and alternative media to get information from .
near day &apos;s end on July 19 , 1992 , Major Luigi Robusto , commander form the province of Brindisi , cautiously descended 50 feet into the Adriatic Sea , twice as deep as he had dived before . while admitting the beauty of a starfish , he saw greenish toes protruding from the sandy floor .
moreover , our island has managed to survive amid the Malay archipelagos , partly thanks to the use of English as alingua franca among its multiracial population.Therefore , Singaporeans must always remain discreet in what they say and do , always neutral on religious issues , because social harmony is the top priority for the country .
last October , in a pleasant surprise , the first-ever Chinese language qualifying test , or the Hanyu Shuiping Kaoshi , which was held simultaneously in some Indonesian cities , attracted about 1,200 participants . more than 800 people also passed a course conducted jointly by China and Indonesia &apos;s Education Ministry to train Chinese-language teachers .
land , just like the sand , warms up more quickly than water but it also loses its heat more quickly . so on a hot sunny summer &apos;s day or the beach , you can feel how hot the sand gets . the water is cool to the feet when you go for a paddle .
knowledge as a factor in production is as old as land and labour . yet , because of the fast growth and drastic changes of modern knowledge in its integration with economy , industries , science , technology and innovation , &quot; knowledge-based economy &quot; has evolved with overall impacts . four major factors in knowledge economy
it owed its early success to the dogged efforts of a handful of Chinese Feng shui experts . but from around 1990 onwards , numerous Feng shui schools have sprung up in large American cities including San Francisco , New York , Chicago , Boston and Houston . their enrolments have risen by leaps and bounds .
it needs great vigilance to ensure a project &apos;s environmental performance reaches the goals that impact assessments set . in 1992 the EPD set up a monitoring and audit team , and subsequently Environmental Project offices in West Kowloon and in Kwai Tsing , to tackle environmental problems with the Airport core Projects in these areas .
it is to this group of rag bag militia to which the West is Increasingly turning as it sets about wreatling control of Afghanistan from the Taliban and Osama Bin Laden &apos;s terror network . Humayun took charge of his mini empire of Uzbek soldiers , who claim descent from Genghis Khan , three months ago .
it is said that &quot; young people often look ahead to the future while the elderly look back on the past &quot; . the young are quick to respond to changes and are at the forefront of new trends in society . of course , what they choose to do is largely determined by their backgrounds .
it has been the advertisers , quick to tap into new spending trends , who have coined the term SINDI to describe these women . they are usually under 40 , perhaps with children , have successful careers , fly all over the globe and are able to make big decisions on personal and company spending .
is this a transitonal problem which will resolve itself before long ? I believe that , unless something effective is being done expeditiously , it will become more deeply-entrenched as time goes on , just like the perennial problem of people turning up late for wedding or other dinners and penalising those who are socially disciplined .
intellectuals can make constructive criticisms and suggest workable strategies . the process of remaking Singapore is a colossal task that should involve everyone . the inputs from Singaporeans who are creative and independent-thinking ( or people who represent their interests ) are more important than the &quot; nanny &quot; who has always taken care of almost ever
in view of the increasing concern of sexual and related offences , the committee considered the proposed legislative amendments to increase the maximum penalties on sexual offences , improvement measures to support victims of sexual crimes , and preventive education programmes . it was recommended that the government should adopt various measures to tackle the problem .
in the 1930s , the greatest fraction of laureates was German . in 1976 -- an exceptional year all the Nobel laureates came from the United States of America . the last few years were unprecedented in the history of the Nobel Foundation : never have so many different scientists come from so many different nations .
in early 1997 , US President Bill Clinton openly adoptedthe term , &quot; knowledge-based economy &quot; , and pointed out that the economy of the future is the knowledge-based economy . although the theoretical construct of the knowledge-based economy is still at the exploratory stage , it has been agreed that the knowledge-based economy will prevail .
in all , 34 593 crimes - or 51.4 per cent of the total - were detected , with 41 714 people arrested for various criminal offences . of those arrested , 5 964 were juvenile offenders ( aged between seven and 15 years ) and 6 855 were young persons ( 16 to 20 ) .
in June and July , all HKETOs organised activities to mark the transfer of sovereignty to China and the establishment of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Government ( HKSARG ) . celebration receptions , luncheons and dinners were organised on June 30 and July 1 in major cities in North America , Europe and Asia .
if you &apos;re nearing retirement or in retirement , you don &apos;t want to put all your money in CDs and bonds because they offer no protection against inflation and only a limited return on your money . because rates are near record lows now , experts suggest starting your ladder with 3-month or 6-month CDs .
if they know nothing other than high-handed tactics , they could at least try to understand the actual situation before commenting . whoever they speak in favour of will suffer at the elections , we call it the &quot; kiss of death &quot; . I just hope Ma Ying-jeou will not be the next casualty . &quot;
humans don &apos;t have a monopoly on laughter , says Silvia Cardoso . a behavioural biologist at the State University of Campinas , Brazil , she says it &apos;s a primitive reflex common to most animals : even rats laugh.She tells that too little laughter could have serious consequences for our mental , physical and social well-being
however , one thing is certain . parents together with our educational authorities have a pivotal role to play in helping to mould and shape the character of our young in their formative years . lets hope that the next generation of Singaporeans will usher in a society more gracious and considerate than the present one .
his parting shot does not bode well for all the talk in the West of a future built on international partnerships . he said : &quot; the problem for Afghanistan has always been the foreigners . it is their meddling that creates these wars . if all the forces leave there will be peace here . &quot;
hard , perhaps , but not impossible . if anything will prevent human cloning -- whether of dictator , industrialist or baby daughter -- from becoming a reality , it &apos;s that science may not be able to clear the ethical high bar that would allow basic research to get under way in the first place .
further , the Committee noted that the Campaign has been able to &quot; express and mediate a broad range of popular commitment in an unprecedented way . Wit.h the governments of several small and medium-sized countries taking the issue up ... this work has grown into a convincing example of an effective policy for peace . &quot;
even the most strident skeptics of animal passion agree that many creatures experience fear -- which some scientists define as a &quot; primary &quot; emotion that contrasts with &quot; secondary &quot; emotions such as love and grief . unlike these more complex feelings , fear is instinctive , they say , and requires no conscious thought .
during 1997 , the fund awarded 198 grants and 10 scholarships totaling $ 3.5 million . the scholarships enabled young people to study music or dance abroad at post-diploma level . the grants helped local schools and organisations to acquire or repair musical instruments and dance equipment , and to set up orchestras or dance groups .
due to factors such as demographic changes and the emergence of new housing estates , the re-drawing of electoral boundaries is understandable . but to avoid being misunderstood as &quot; kiasu &quot; , the ruling party should give people who are keen to join the political fray three months to study the changes and make preparations .
consequently , the quality of school life is inevitably affected as numerous students struggle to cope with the burden of additional subject learning outside the class room , instead of enjoying their pet interests after school and during vacation in order to broaden their horizons . in some cases , this could lead to health hazards .
can a panacea be found to improve Singaporeans &apos; social graces ? if other countries can do it , I believe we can too , but we should not expect immediate results and must persevere in our collective efforts . I venture to put forth the following suggestions aimed at stimulating greater awareness and debate thereon :
at any rate , to &quot; exoticise &quot; my Chinese students would be downright condescending . it &apos;s like they seem so wonderful , so goody-two-shoes only because they &apos;re so way behind - exactly the end of sentiments Americans , for all their sincerity , are very prone to when they observe less developed societies .
apart from providing initial basic training for the recruits , the Fire Services Training School also conducted various training courses for1 406 staff of other government departments and private organisations on basic fire-fighting techniques and the use of breathing apparatus.Arrangements were also made for 4 375 members of the general public to visit the Training School .
apart from a handful of politicians and some who advocate that the island break away from China , &quot; getting rid of things China &quot; nor &quot; anti-China &quot; sentiments are not the mainstream thinking of the masses in Taiwan . but identification with Taiwan and concern for the island is no doubt the general consensus .
almost every MP spoke about what he or she had seen and heard in China in recent parliamentary sittings to highlight the opportunities offered and challenges posed by China . some even made the refreshing change of uttering some Chinese phrases . it appears that the Land of dragons has been placed on their radar screens .
according to the feedback Unit &apos;s survey as reported recently by Lianhe Zaobao , an overwhelming majority of Singaporeans approve of their government &apos;s policies on economic and social issues and on international relations , with full confidence in the administration &apos;s competence . this is because those are pragmatic policies pursued by a pragmatic government .
a manager in a computer firm once said that university students only emphasised what they could learn from the job and what they could get out of it during job interviews . nobody has told him how he or she could contribute to the company . this shows the ascendency of individualism among university students here .
a Hindu holy man stands on the banks of the Ganges in Varanasi , December 3 , 2001 . George Harrison &apos;s family plan to immerse the ashes of the Beatle guitarist who died last week in the sacred Ganges river following a private ceremony , a spokesman for the hare Krishna movement said on Monday .
a City Beautification Scheme was launched in June to tie in with the celebration for reunification of Hong Kong with China . special decorative lighting and hand-made lanterns were displayed at key council venues to enhance the festive atmosphere . landscape improvements were also carried out at over 30 roadside amenity plots to beautify the environment .
Thirdly , confusion and suspicion which create disunity , will erode the competitiveness of the organisation . when a lot of time , effort and resources are spent on internal fire-fighting , it is only inevitable that the organisation will suffer . this is because there will be little energy left to fight any external threat .
Tang Chung Ling ancestral Hall is one of the largest ancestral halls in Hong Kong and has served its clansmen for about 470 years . it is a three-hall building with two spacious internal courtyards . the whole building is exquisitely decorated with fine wood carvings , polychrome plaster mouldings and murals of auspicious Chinese motifs .
Firstly , as China &apos;s media industry opens up and with greater cultural interactions with the West , Chinese will become more familiar with Western ideas and values . Western emphasis on competition and freedom will be extolled , particularly by Chinese intellectuals , entrepreneurs and young students , who are at the forefront of change .
Egyptian and German Egyptologists carry the ancient sarcophagus of the Egyptian Pharaoh Akhenaten , Sunday , Jan. 27 , 2002 . the sarcophagus is to be displayed at the Egyptian museum in Cairo as it was signed over to Egypt by German authorities , more than 70 years after it went missing from the Egyptian museum .
Dull-If your hair has lost its shine , it is often due to a lack of the B vitmins essential for the oil glands to function efficiently . try a B vitamin supplement . the B vitaming are also found in foods such as yeast in bread , Marmite. lentils , brown rice and red meat .
... Confucianism in its totality is enlightening and uplifting . it teaches one that learning to be human is learning to be moral and above all , Confucianism celebrates this life and believes in the perfectibility of the human being ... I now want to make that which has been implicit in my life explicit . &quot;
&quot; each leaf is the tree , &quot; Lao Tzu said 2,000 years ago . to understand the importance of one humble leaf and how it functions in balance with the tree is to perceive the entire tree and how it is a small , yet integral , part of the unity in a grander order .
your peoples look to you for a common effort to solve their problems . they expect you to work together , as governments . and they expect you to work together with all the other institutions -- profit and non-profit , public and private -- where human beings join hands to promote their ideas and their interests .
yet we have noticed a phenomenon : while foreigners seem to be getting on well here , no matter how successful they are , as experts , academics , businessmen , engineers , teachers , artistes or athletes , many will , time and again , reveal a sense of helplessness and diffidence that cannot be concealed .
why should the jelly mould served at the end of English meals be shaped like a cathedral ? why are Americans still hungry after eating a Chinese dinner ? cross cultural studies show that meals are designed to follow strict progression of cues based on shape , colour , temperature , odour , or specific taste sensation .
why else might the comet have come undone ? Weaver says it may have been an initial collision with an asteroid , or perhaps the comet &apos;s rapid rotation caused it to unravel . Tony Famham of the University of Texas and his colleagues calculated , however , that the comet may have been rotating relatively slowly .
when I asked the nation &apos;s top business leaders from John Gokongwei , Jr . , Lucio Tan , Enrique Zobel to young tycoon Luis Miguel Aboitiz as to who they admire the most for enlightened leadership , they unanimously mentioned the name of 77-year-old Lee Kuan Yew , founding father of Singapore and now Senior Minister .
what process of reflection did Kuo Pao Kun go through to make him cut the umbilical cord and rise from the ashes ? where did he get his new source of mental strength to set off again all alone ? how did he raise the old struggle into the pursuit of a new ideal that transcends ideology ?
what PM Goh said was truly significant . we have given more space for each community in Singapore to preserve its own language and culture , based on the premise that all the different communities profess the same loyalty to our nation . this approach has a positive effect on our country &apos;s future growth and development .
we should not overlook the power of language and culture to move us . Chinese drama series have always been more popular than English ones . the reason is that the former has been able to take full advantage of the unique sensibility of the Chinese language which the audience can identify with and relate to readily .
we can not tell the real size of the stars just by looking at them . one star may seem larger than another only because it is much nearer . a star which is much farther away may seem dim or may not even be visible to the human eyes , though it may be every large .
to make our citizenry more savvy in general knowledge and current affairs will take time and sustained efforts . an important first step is to change our mindset , fine-tune our education policies and nurture a conducive home and social environment which will help make Singaporeans becoming better informed and more worldly with the passage of time .
to be fair , the government has invested considerable efforts and money in cultural development over the last few decades . the bill for the Esplanade - theatres On The Bay alone is $ 600 million . the National Arts Council also deserves praise for being much more generous now in sponsoring performances , exhibitions and publications .
though small in size , Switzerland has four official languages . these languages are spoken by four different European ethnic groups in separate areas in the country . the distribution of the different languages in 1990 was : German 65 % , French 18 % , Italian 10 % , Romansh 1 % and others 6 % .
this open-air museum is in the town centre of Tai Po Market . it consists of the old Tai Po Market railway station building and six historic passenger coaches . the station building , in Chinese style , was built in 1913 and declared a monument in 1984 . the museum attracted 415940 visitors during the year .
this form of early nationalism was suitable for old economies that were basically agrarian in nature , and interdependence and communication links among them were limited . under these circumstances , rulers resorted to power politics to preserve their territories and their system of government . and power politics went hand in hand with nepotism and cronyism .
think he would be handicapped by all the technical terms in English such as &quot; production possibility frontier &quot; , &quot; externality &quot; or &quot; comparative advantage &quot; ? not so . for what he lacked in his English competence , he more than made up for with his willingness to work extra hard - and smart .
these countless human beings , both inside and outside our country , had the nobility of spirit to stand in the path of tyranny and injustice , without seeking selfish gain . they recognized that an injury to one is an injury to all and therefore acted together in defense of justice and a common human decency .
their older friends - after the anxiety of the GCE &apos; A &apos; level results - must next decide what to study in the university . even in the university , some students , after spending about two years studying a particular discipline broadly , are now confronted with the question of what exactly to specialise in .
the speech this year is more emotionally-charged . honestly , I never thought I could be inspired by the speeches of political leaders . however , after listening to the Prime Minister , I could not help but ask myself this question : how should &quot; stayers &quot; react to government decisions which go against our wishes ?
the publicity Division is responsible for government publications , promotional campaigns , creative and design work and government photography and advertisements . it organises about four major government campaigns and 50 general publicity programmes each year on such topics as environmental protection , crime prevention , safe working practices , AIDS awareness and prevention of drug abuse .
the pro is one of the largest storehouses of treasured information for historical and other studies relating to Hong Kong . it selects , acquires and preserves records of enduring value from both government and private sources . the bulk of its archival holdings is held at the purpose-built Hong Kong Public records Building in Kwun Tong .
the pollution Control Unit of the Marine Department formulates the government &apos;s Oil pollution contingency Plan and cleans up oil spills . Forclean-up jobs , the unit is equipped with a dedicated oil pollution control launch , five tugs capable of dispersing oil spills with chemical dispersant , one oil skimming boat and an oil storage vessel .
the company &apos;s 163 trams , including two open-balcony trams for tourists and private hire , make up the only fully double-decker tram fleet in the world . the trams carried an average of 279 200 boardings daily in 1997.Fares were $ 1.60 for adults and 80 cents for children and senior citizens aged 65 or above .
the biggest mistake we can make now is to believe that we have got it made and that success is an irreversible process . we have room for improvement and it is from such improvement that we can make the Singaporean more love-able , maybe not to everyone but at the very least , to Singaporeans ourselves .
the Young offender Assessment Panel , comprising staff from CSD and the Social Welfare Department , was established in 1987 to provide magistrates with recommendations on the most appropriate programmes of rehabilitation for young offenders between the ages of 14 and 25 . the service provided by the panel is available to juvenile courts and certain magistracies .
the Solicitor General heads the Legal Policy Division , which includes the Law Reform Commission Secretariat . the division provides legal input on a wide variety of topics being considered by the Government , and also advises on issues affecting the administration of justice , human rights , constitutional law , China law and the Basic Law .
the Singapore government has pledged 50 million dollars for both &quot; software &quot; and &quot; hardware &quot; of culture during the next five years . likewise , the Hong Kong government has promised a greater share of funding and higher priority for cultural undertakings . both governments have come to see the importance of arts and culture .
the Hong Kong Museum of Art received 233900 visitors and 369 school parties in 1997 . the permanent galleries of contemporary Hong Kong art , Chinese antiquities , historical pictures , Chinese fine art and the Xubaizhai collection of Chinese painting and calligraphy continued to feature selected works from the museum &apos;s collection on a rotational basis .
the District Arts Support Scheme continues to provide greater support tonon-profit making , district cultural organisations in the form of free use of civic centre facilities and / or a cash subsidy for arts activities . in all , 103 cultural programmes , nine artists-in-residence projects and 79 training classes were held under this scheme in 1997 .
the Chinese community reacted with fury towards MCA &apos;s purchase of Nanyang Press . there are strong emotional ties between the Chinese community and the Chinese press which are almost inter-dependent . the Chinese community gets the information it needs from the Chinese press and also uses it to express its views and unhappiness with government policy .
the 999 hotline service was enhanced with the provision of caller number display to enable a quicker response to emergency calls . the number of operator positions in the 999 centres was also increased . the Force &apos;s computer-based directory enquiry system was upgraded to provide a more efficient response to telephone enquiries made to Police Headquarters .
that &apos;s because we are all individuals . there will always be differences of opinions as each one of us are at different stages of discovering , learning and understanding.Once a person has formed an opinion about a certain thing , he will not like to change his opinion even if there is everything to dispose it .
she said : &quot; the fireworks are much better now . when we were young , the fireworks came one at a time and we had to wait for the next one . but still , we were also very happy . &quot; however , she was envious of the parade spectators who were given goodie bags .
servicing of meetings of the Legislative Council and its committees including the provision of legal and research services ; facilitating communication with and among members in relation to the business of the Legislative Council ; collating public views on the business of the Legislative Council ; and promoting public understanding of the work of the Legislative Council .
police also liaised with organisers of demonstrations to ensure that they were conducted in a peaceful and lawful manner . designated demonstration Areas were established near the HKCEC for demonstrators to express their views . more than 10 demonstrations took place during the handover ceremony and , on the whole , the demonstrators were peaceful and co-operative .
people overseas are saying that Singapore is a clean , safe , stable and a wonderful place to live . it &apos;s a food heaven , shopping heaven , business heaven , somewhere you &apos;d want to spend your twilight years . I &apos;d bet that &apos;s making you feel real good now , doesn &apos;t it ?
one of the most destructive droughts in recent memory is the 1930s American dust bowl , which lasted only six years . in this short time , it managed to become &quot; one of the most devastating and welldocumented agricultural , economic and social disasters in the history of the United States , &quot; according to deMenocal .
no doubt , through interactions among themselves , most Singaporeans have formed habits of civilised conduct . yet the long years of rule by law have made them dependent on decrees and bans to know their Dos and Don &apos;ts . hence the call for banning dogs from a park and for restricting the import of pets .
no doubt , as one of the four million odd Singaporeans , I am of the majority who only knows roughly what offside is about , have no idea how much a local player can earn playing for a club and have zero idea how long it would take for us to make a mark in football .
most illegal immigrants came to the HKSAR seeking work and higher wages . frequent checks were conducted on construction sites , factories and other places of employment . illegal immigrants found working were prosecuted before repatriation . their employers were also prosecuted . most of them were fined , but prison sentences were imposed in serious cases .
most companies using wireless networking technology do not take even the simplest of precautions to protect their data . nearly all wireless network technology comes with some basic security features that need only to be activated in order to give a minimum level of security , for example by encrypting the data being passed over the network .
most candidates who are successful in securing a post would probably be left with little money or many &quot; favours &quot; to return . after the just-concluded mid-term election , two ruling party candidates for the Senate have admitted openly that they are already heavily in debt . worse still , both failed to get elected eventually .
monuments can also be named , but whether Ozymandias , or Nanyang arch , if all we see is a lump of stone if we see at all , if no one remembers , or cares , then whatever its name , the monument would not speak , would trigger off no emotion , not even curiosity .
men always wanted to fly . for hundreds of years they watched birds flying and wished that they could fly too . birds fly very easily . they beat the air with their wings and climb up through the air . then they spread their wings and float on the air . the air keeps them up .
lo wai , built on a small hill and enclosed by brick walls on four sides , was the first walled village established by the Tang clan of Lung Yeuk Tau , Fanling . ten other villages were subsequently established in the same area . together , they are commonly known as Five Wais and Six Tsuens .
livestock farmers wishing to continue in business are eligible for a grant and a loan to help pay for pollution-control facilities . since the start of the scheme in 1987 , about $ 55 million has been paid out in capital grants.Farmers ceasing business are eligible for an allowance and about $ 865 million has been paid .
lanned Parenthood spokes-person Chaunda Roseborough says that discussing sex with your child early is the best way to prevent unwanted incidents . the organization has released a new book , How to Talk With Your Child About sexuality , which lists the following guidelines for what children should know about sex at certain stages in their development .
it lists a set of values , skills and attitudes our young at different key stages of their education should achieve . as there are eight goals at each intermediate stage--primary , secondary , junior college , tertiary and beyond--the end result is a list of what the press has come to term as the 88888 outcomes .
it is probable that men first painted their faces many thousands of years ago , it was for the purpose of frightening their enemies in war . but there are records of women in Egypt using cosmetics more than four thousand years ago . these women had different kinds of paint for different seasons of the year .
it is indeed shocking that , even after such a devastating defeat , the KMT is still trying to gloss over its vices and explain away its failure.The KMT is a shop of a century &apos;s standing . if the shopkeeper himself wants it closed down , the customers cannot help in any way , can they ?
it is a great honor and a great pleasure to us that the Swedish Academy of Sciences has awarded us the Nobel Prize for our work on the synthesis of radio-elements , after having presented it to Pierre and Marie Curie in 1903 , and to Marie Curie in 1911 , for the discovery of the radio-elements .
it &apos;s like an executive I once knew who confided that he was not fulfilled . he said : &quot; I climbed to the top of the ladder , and suddenly found my ladder was against the wrong wall . &quot; find the wall that turns you on , and climb it . it &apos;s that simple .
in circumstances like a business discussion or an official matter like a meeting of diplomats , speaking Mandarin is not just giving due respect to the language but to the business associates too . especially if they are foreigners , say from China or Taiwan , correct Mandarin will make it easier for them to understand you .
in May 1997 , the government published the licensing framework for video-on-demand television services and invited applications for licences.Four applications were received and , the Chief Executive in Council approved in principle in November that a Licence should be issued to Hongkong Telecom VOD Limited , subject to negotiation on the terms and conditions of the Licence .
in March 1997 , the Transport Advisory Committee re-convened its Working Group on taxi Policy Review to review the taxi licensing system with the objective of improving the quality of taxi services . during the year , the law was amended to require all taxi drivers to issue fare receipts to passengers on demand by June 1998 .
if you end up with a ＄ 50,000 capital loss , only ＄ 3,000 of it can be used annually to offset salary and interest income , but the other ＄ 47,000 doesn &apos;t go to waste . it is carried forward to offset capital gains in your other holdings two , three or ten years hence .
if the new worm spreads as quickly as last week &apos;s Code Red outbreak , hundreds of thousands of Web sites could be left open to computer hackers . machines that had already been &quot; patched &quot; with Microsoft software aimed at thwarting the virus were not vulnerable to the new Code Red , computer experts said .
if the government could consider these suggestions , I am hopeful that the next General Election would be different from all previous GEs . then , every adult Singaporean would be able to exercise his right as a citizen to make an active contribution by casting a vote for the future of the country and for democracy .
hundreds of years later , a comparatively colorless glass was made in Venice . when this glass was backed with a covering of lead or tin , a mirror reflecting at least some truth as to color resulted , but not so much could be said for the truth in respect to the form of its reflections .
even though the team managed only a fourth placing , a warm sense of pride fills the heart because it came so far where no one had expected . the players believed in their abilities and played all matches as if it were their last match . the tenacity of the South Koreans is to be celebrated .
enormous potential DNA can hold more information in a cubic centimeter than a trillion CDs . the double helix molecule that contains human genes stores data on four chemical bases -- known by the letters A , T , C and G -- giving it massive memory capability that scientists are only just beginning to tap into .
despite the initial recovery in economy coinciding with the National Day celebrations , we should keep clear of smugness , as things are hardly predictable after all.While we sing &quot; Majulah , Singapura ! &quot; , we must gel ever together with one heart and soul to make even greater efforts for our country , our future .
deputy Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong was certainly right when he pointed out this at the recent government scholarship presentation : &quot; it is wrong for scholars to think that the scholarship is a purely mercenary contract , and that they are entitled to try to maximise their own careers and prospects in this selfish way . &quot;
by the end of 1997 , about 1 020 000 homes were passed by Wharf cable &apos;s MMDS network , and about 503 000 homes were served by its optical fibre network . the number of household subscribers increased from about 300000 at the end of 1996 , to about 380 000 at the end of 1997 .
by comparison , the Ford Motor Cor-poration &apos;s bond issued in Singapore dol-lars and therefore carrying no currency risk for a Singapore investor also matures in 2004 . it carries a coupon of 4.5 % but currently sells at slightly below its face value , at around S $ 99.50 per S $ 100 of nominal value .
by Monday , the mess had moved into the dining area , like an oil spill slowly spreading toward the shoreline . by Tuesday , the living room had come under the deatardly spell . it looked as if a bomb had been dropped on it . it made Oscar Madison &apos;s bedroom look like the Louvre .
but how can one ensure that all the speakers talk substantively and constructively , and who is to judge whether they do ? more important , if we make serious efforts to ensure this and guard against that , won &apos;t there be a great many restrictions , defeating the very purpose of the Speakers &apos; corner ?
besides these detailed studies , the department also participates innumerous consultation exercises through correspondence and membership of working groups and committees . this is to ensure that early corruption prevention advice is given when public sector policies and procedures are being formulated . in 1997 , the department was involved in such consultation activities on 220 occasions .
because of my Chinese-educated background and ability to speak Mandarin , I used to be &quot; looked down on &quot; by colleagues at the bank or fellow economists at the university . they regarded me as &quot; old-fashioned &quot; and behind the times . even now , there are people who have mistaken views about the Chinese-educated .
at this critical moment , Muslim leaders must engage the American leaders in constructive diplomacy instead of brandishing warheads . it is times like this that I hope Prince Otto von Bismarck could rise to authoritatively decide the future of the world with level-headedness and magnificent diplomacy and not give in to popular demands driven by emotions .
area Committees were set up in 1972 to support the &apos; Keep Hong Kong Clean Campaign &apos; and &apos; Fight Violent Crime Campaign &apos; . nowadays , the functions of Area Committees are to encourage public participation in district affairs , help organise community activities and government campaigns , and advise on issues of a local nature .
apart from Mutual Aid Committees , the Government also devotes much effort to helping owners of private multi-storey buildings to form owners &apos; corporations to facilitate effective management of , and timely maintenance on , the buildings concerned . at the end of the year , 6 611 owners &apos; corporations were registered with the Land registry .
all new petrol cars must be fitted with catalytic converters to control emissions . the market share of unleaded petrol has been gradually increasing at an annual average rate of about 4 percent to reach 86 percent in 1997 . cleaner fuel and tighter emission standards were introduced in April 1997 to further reduce pollution from vehicles .
air pollution arouses great public concern , especially when factories are near homes . the department investigated 3683 complaints of air pollution , and issued 240 legal notices instructing offenders to abate air pollution . these figures are higher than in the previous year , the number of abatement notices in particular having increased by 68 percent .
a total of 689 instrumental music training classes and interest classes have been conducted for 3 635 trainees . apart from major annual events such as the music camp , music interflows and overseas concert tour , 315 regular concerts and district activities were organised and 129541 people enjoyed the music Office &apos;s services during the year .
a recent visual display by local arts group theatre Works , which consisted of a few live chickens , frogs and terrapins around a steamboat , landed it in hot soup . it has been accused of cruelty to animals and the creator of the art work , a foreign artist , has been questioned by police .
Thirdly , the transaction costs for trading SIF contracts will not be proportional to the contract value . instead , it will be a flat fee per contract for a round trip . there is no doubt that the actual cost figure will be significantly lower than the commissions and clearing fees incurred for SES stock trading .
Singaporeans ordinarily would not even want to talk about national issues or issues that concern their livelihood , let alone taking concrete actions . therefore , Singaporeans can &quot; proudly &quot; say : ours is an unusual country indeed , no strikes , no riots , no protests , no demonstrations and no free-for-alls in our Parliament .
Mr Nathan is different from many people . with hard work , tenacity , a zeal for work and a sense of mission towards thenation , he shouldered different responsibilities at different stages , fulfilling every role like a mission . he has never allowed himself to fail nor has he ever disappointed the people around him .
Mr Chan Soo Sen , Parliamentary Secretary , Prime Minister &apos;s Office and Ministry of Community Development , officiated at the seminar on literature and Society organised by the Chinese Studies Department , NUS on January 30 . he called on local literati and Chinese clan associations to work together to further develop Chinese literature in Singapore .
Monoclonal antibodies , by contrast , act like &quot; biological missites , &quot; zeroing in on cancer cells and launching a variety of attacks -- delivering drugs or toxins , for example , or triggering an immune reaction . and because they cause less damage to normal cells , monoclonals fight cancer without making people so sick .
Minister for Information &amp; the Arts and Second Minister for Trade &amp; Industry , BG George Yeo , who officiated at the Nanyang technological University / National Arts Council literary Camp on 4 July , stressed the need to promote Chinese literature in Singapore and how it can provide us with greater confidence to face future challenges .
I have become complacent , and as a result , apathetic . and I know I am not alone . for instance , if I am displeased with any governmental decisions , my initial violent protests are often watered down to gripes so common of disgruntled taxi drivers.Then , in no time , the grudges are forgotten .
I &apos;ll never forget my favorite teacher from second grade , Miss Gnagy . I admired her so much that I wanted to become a teacher like her one day . at home I would create my own imaginary classroom in which to teach my dolls . years later , my own daughters did the same thing .
&quot; on Christmas a Burlington woman called to tell me her husband had been told recently he had lung cancer . she wanted to know if I would come to their house and talk to him . he felt he would like to just sit down and talk to someone with the same problems he had . &quot;
&quot; let &apos;s go home and have a barbecue tonight , &quot; I said to her . &quot; we haven &apos;t had one in a long time . and we &apos;ll have to tell the children . we &apos;re just wasting time , and I don &apos;t want to go on living like this any longer . &quot;
&quot; it is a big responsibility but I am used to it , &quot; he said . &quot; I was my father &apos;s deputy . I was in charge of things while he was away . when he died , I was very sad . very sad . but then I understood I am a man . &quot;
&quot; I don &apos;t see any way out , &quot; the Kadi told him . &quot; but if there &apos;s no hope left , come with me to the Dayan , the wise man of the Jews . he &apos;s a learned and clever man , a hot pepper . possibly he &apos;ll find a scheme . &quot;
&quot; I &apos;m very woiiied about chicanery , &quot; Schneider says . &quot; I &apos;m wonied about people grabbing these IPCC numbers and then going out there and saying , oh , it &apos;s only going to warm up by one degree , &apos; and somebody else saying it &apos;s going to warm up by six . &quot;
yet opening-up is sure to bring in keener competition as well as richer options to satisfy the audience &apos;s appetite . it will be a tough challenge for the media operators to secure market shares by providing quality products while staying in the black , or to remain &quot; both popular and profitable &quot; , as they say .
what we did was to build a corporate wall around our entire product , so that we could achieve uniformity and absolute consistency within . the wall served an important purpose . yet over the years we have realized tremendous benefits by extending the wall to bring an entire world community of Ford suppliers into our family circle .
we take things for granted , we take advantage of situations without regard for others , we teach our children to be selfless , kind , understanding , considerate , yet we don &apos;t practice what we preach.And we &apos;re actually proud of it . so proud that we can actually have the cheek to merchandise our flaws .
to help educate new immigrants from the Mainland , a new video on Hong Kong &apos;s anti-corruption work was produced . a pocket-size telephone book with ICAC messages was distributed to every immigrant at the lo Wu immigration control point . in addition , educational programmes including talks and visits to ICAC regional offices were organised for them .
to gain an understanding of practices by Muslims and their underlying significance , some non-Muslim members of the Young PAP and students from Special Assistance Plan schools visited some mosques on Hari Raya Haji.The tour was also a clear signal of the willingness of the Chinese to get to know the customs and habits of other ethnic groups .
this , of course , is a healthy sign . for it shows that we take our education seriously . and education , for all the hype about how one can learn more from the University of Life than from schools , does determine a country &apos;s competitive edge to a large extent in terms of its economy .
there is no doubt that foreign talent here belongs to a subculture . they may have posh houses , big cars and children studying in top schools and they themselves may have been involved in community visits by ministers or MPs , but all these do not change the fact that they remain on the margins of society .
there are no doubt always positive examples that make one feels encouraged . but if we were to compare the past and present , no one would dispute that the standard of Chinese has been going downhill . the decline cannot be halted even among teachers , let alone the man in the street who also use it .
then six more years passed and yet another letter came . this time he explained that after he got his bachelor &apos;s degree , he decided to go a little further . the letter explained that she was still his favorite teacher but that now his name was a little longer . the letter was signed . Theodore F.Stoddard
the very idea of breaking a bond would have appeared unimaginable to the older generation with a Chinese-medium education . brought up with the Confucian ethics , they would insist on keeping their word of honour even if that would mean losses to themselves . to them , a breach of faith would be an extremely shameful sin .
the solar system began as a disk of dust and gas swirling around the young sun . in the colder outer regions of the disk , some of the gaseous materials were frozen into icy shards . over time , the particles clumped together , growing faster as they collided and stuck together in larger clumps called planetesinials .
the lure of materialism has dominated the thinking of young people and led them to pursue as much personal gains as possible . during the Mao Zedong era , the society suffered when ideology reigned supreme over everything else . after the June 4 incident , ideas on freedom and democracy had been suppressed as well as misunderstood .
the fierce fight between the ruling and opposition parties , the ruling party &apos;s habit of shirking its responsibilty , and the opposition parties &apos; over-reaction to some issues , are the main grouses of the people . the problem is that few among Taiwan &apos;s far-too-many politicians have any aspirations and ideas for the island &apos;s future .
the decision by the Education Ministry to change its policy on the learning of a third language means that non-Chinese students will be allowed to study Chinese as a third language . by the same token , Chinese students will also be able to learn the mother tongues of other ethnic groups , such as the Malay language .
the council has three water sports centres ( Chong Hing , Tai Mei Tuk and Wong Shek ) and three holiday camps ( Lady Mac Lehose Holiday Village , Sai Kung and Tso Kung Tam outdoor recreation centres ) . during the year , 56537 and 343934 people visited the water sports centres and the holiday camps respectively .
the biennial Green School Award Competition was held in December and attracted over 160 entries , double the 1995 figure . to complement the major annual planting programme in parks and highways , some 1 400 standard trees and 20 000 saplings were planted along streets and on hill slopes respectively in order to make the city greener .
the World Economic Forum &apos;s recent 1999 Global Competitiveness Report indicates that , despite the serious economic crisis in the region , Singapore has remained the world &apos;s most competitive economy for four consecutive years.By contrast , Hong Kong , the chief competitor for Singapore in the region , has dropped to the third place in the rating .
the Office received 13138 enquiries and 4024 complaints in 2001 , compared with 10819 enquiries and 3346 complaints in 2000 . the areas that attracted substantial numbers of complaints were related to error , wrong advice / decision , disparity in treatment , negligence or omission , delay lack of response to complaints / unhelpfulness and inefficient control .
the Kwai Chung and Tsing Yi sections of Route 3 link the West Kowloon Express way to the Lantau link . they comprise the Kwai Chung Viaduct , Rambler Channel Bridge and the Cheung Ching tunnel . the Kwai Chung Viaduct and the Tsing Yi section were opened to traffic on February 19 and May 22 , respectively .
the Director of audit carries out two types of audit : regularity audits and value-for-money audits . regularity audits are intended to provide an overall assurance of the general accuracy and propriety of the financial and accounting transactions of the Government and other audited bodies . the audit ordinance gives the Director statutory authority for conducting regularity audits .
the Chief Executive paid a visit to Malaysia and Singapore in early September when he met Prime Minister of Malaysia , Dr Mahathir binMohamad , and Deputy Prime Minister , Mr Anwar Ibrahim , in Kuala Lumpur , and the Prime Minister of Singapore , Mr Goh Chok Tong , and Deputy Prime Minister , Dr Tony Tan .
tears welled up in my eyes , and a heart that had almost forgotten how to love opened wide . I took Wendy &apos;s mother in my arms . &quot; I &apos;m sorry , I &apos;m sorry , I &apos;m sorry , I &apos;m so sorry , &quot; I muttered over and over , and we wept together .
taking part in sports can help one become active , develop a strong will , a readiness to strive hard and accept challenges , and a never-say-die attitude . these are values that offer lifelong benefit , even if an athlete fails eventually to make the dream of becoming an Olympic gold medalist or world champion come true .
speaking at the Third Joint Meeting of the Chinese Physics societies held in Hong Kong recently , Nobel Laureate Prof Yang Chen-ning talked in particular about how Chinese culture — or Eastern cultures in general — would affect the development of science in the 21st century . to him , the issue will be an extremely complex one .
some old pendulum clocks are very beautiful . they were made carefully and they still work well . Thomas Tompion ( 1639-1713 ) made the best clocks in England . we have only a few of them now , and they cost a lot of money.If you want one , you will have to pay thousands of pounds .
since 1970s , China has had more cultural exchanges with the outside world than at anytime during its long history . tens of thousands of Chinese students are now enrolled in universities abroad . the creme de la creme of the Chinese literary and artistic community regularly attend cultural gatherings at home and abroad with active international participation .
seventh , prompt reaction rather than thoughtful consideration is emphasised . ten years ago , books I read mostly advised me to pause and ponder for at least one year before deciding to quit if I felt unhappy on my job . this is no longer a popular approach today － waiting for one year is too much .
sell down gradually . once you &apos;re committed to pulling the plug on a stock , you have one more decision to make : dump it all at once or sell it down gradually ? the latter approach may be preferable . that &apos;s because gradual selling removes the fear of missing the boat should a stock rebound .
researchers found the same telltale signature of drought in a deep-sea sediment core drilled from the Gulf of Oman . the core documents a dramatic 300-year period of windblown dust that could be dated to roughly the same period as the Aickadian collapse . chemical traces in the dust allowed the scientists to pinpoint its origins in Mesopotamia .
reported crimes in 1997 totalled 67 367 , a decrease of 14.8 per cent compared with 79 050 crimes recorded in 1996 . the crime rate stood at1 036 cases per 100 000 of the population , a decrease of 17.3 per cent , compared with 1996 . this figure was the lowest in the past 24 years .
rail , ferry , bus and other transport services offer Hong Kong commuters a good range of choices at reasonable fares and different levels of comfort , speed and convenience . in September 1997 , the major public transport operators launched a contact less card system , the octopus , which uses smart card technology for fare payment .
policies are framed to limit to an acceptable level population growth brought about by immigration , and to control the entry of foreign workers . immigration procedures for Hong Kong residents , tourists and businessmen are streamlined . effort is also made to prevent the entry of undesirable persons and the departure of persons wanted for criminal offences .
other cultural events similarly drew crowds of attendance.While it would be an exaggeration to talk about an incipient Chinese cultural renaissance in Singapore today , these events and related developments certainly give some hope for a new life of Chinese language and culture at a critical time when the old Chinese-educated generation is fading out of the scene .
one of the measures it has introduced is to encourage more students to take up a third language which includes Malay . at the moment , only the top 10 % of students ( primary school leavers ) are allowed to take a third language in secondary school . this will be increased to 30 % from 2004 .
on the use of Singlish in Chinese entertainment , I feel quite relieved that no Singlish was used in Chinese period dramas such as the The Condor heroes as it would have sound awkward otherwise . but in comedy Night , which portrays vignettes of local life , the use of Singlish has contributedmuch to the comic effect .
of course , one still hears voices unhappy about the three rules of public speaking set by the authorities . some people criticise the rules for running counter to the spirit of &quot; genuine free speech &quot; . they question the sincerity of the authorities , suspecting an attempt to present a mere &quot; showcase for democracy &quot; .
now , let us ask ourselves a simple question : &quot; could the benefit of such thoughts possibly be limited by time and space ? &quot; Confucius advocated the importance to love other people . is it not apparent that this idea is valuable and useful in helping people to live a life filled with happiness and warmth ?
nobody was as happy to leave Flagstaff as I was . my next stop was Los Angeles , and when I fot off the plane , I took one big deep breath of the smog  flled air , my eyes started to wator , I began to sneeze , and I felt like a new man again .
many understand well that one can &apos;t be too courteous but still choose to remain uncouth just because they find it hard to display courtesy.In fact they might try any way they think natural : a nod , a smile , or an offer of the cake you have just made , or any other way you like .
leading Taiwanese magazine Global views once conducted a survey on the most livable city in the world and Singapore was ranked 6th.The monthly polled 200 members of The International Network For Urban Development , which has a membership of more than 1,000 , comprising city planners , architects , designers and government officials from 47 countries and territories .
it seemed that it was no easy task to spot young people who borrowed Chinese books . based on interviews with about 70 &quot; readers &quot; and the list of books borrowed , fictions which had been adapted into television drama serials were most popular - not a very encouraging finding for the future of the Chinese language .
it is expected that in the decades to come , this group of elites will make contributions to Singapore . they should also play leadership roles in the political arena . deputy Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong is a fine example , although he modestly said in Parliament that he had faced difficulties when he was learning Chinese .
is it available ? about 30 major medical centers in the United States have xenon CT scan technology . Dr. Howard Yonas , the University of Pittsburgh neurosurgeon who was instrumental in developing the technique , estimates that within a few years , one in four hospitals may be using the xenon CT scan in their emergency room .
in a modern economy , the number of public holidays declared for a festival is an indication of its importance . in Taiwan , which is predominantly a Chinese society , traditional events like Qingming , Dragon boat and Mooncake festivals all come with rest days and bonuses , allowing people to engage in activities to celebrate them .
in 1997 , the Hong Kong Sinfonietta presented 10 concert series and participated in 25 accompaniment projects . five educational concerts and 10 free performances were also given , reaching a total audience of 150000 . to enhance cultural exchange and promote the achievement of local musicians , it toured Taiwan and Guangdong in April and December respectively .
however , someone who sells short the shares may end up with very substantial losses if the price rises by a large amount . the price of an option depends on five factors : the share price , the exercise price , the time to expiration , the interest rate and the volatility of the underlying share price .
how do they arrive at this figure ? the answer is very simple . to them , the history of Singapore began in 1819 - when Stamford Raffles landed here . but where does this leave the pre-Raffles days ? do we &quot; delete &quot; Singapura that existed from the 12th to 13th centuries from our history books ?
how ? the process of self-neglect started when my schooling in Seng Poh Road stopped rather suddenly . my father heard that the British were planning to retake Singapore and Malaya.Anticipating attacks by air and sea , Papa brought us by road deep into plantation country outside Malacca Town . we did not come home until after liberation .
his case is just one example of how medical innovations are giving doctors powerful new ways to combat serious disease . here &apos;s a look at some promising advances in the treatment of stroke , heart disease and cancer . a number of these marvels are available right now , and others may be just around the corner .
happily , this image is now behind us . on any day , there would be a variety of arts happenings on the island . moreover , renowned foreign artistes also perform here regularly . the Republic &apos;s cherished goal to be arenaissance city now seems attainable , with growing support from government , arts patrons and public .
foster enthusiasm . when people understand the importance of work , they lend their mental strengths . but , oh , when they get excited about the work , all their energy gets poured into the job . that &apos;s a massive force ! the best way to generate excitement ? be enthusiastic yourself -- it &apos;s contagious .
for instance , &quot; The Singapore Story &quot; exhibition which is aimed at the younger generation , is in English only . but monolingual adults need to be reminded of the past too . to build a bond , we should have a common perspective of our past which &quot; The Singapore Story &quot; is intended to provide .
financial ratio analysis is based on these five categories of data in a com-pany &apos;s balance sheet and income state-ment , and turns them into ratios for com-parison . besides comparing between the company &apos;s present and historical ratios , comparisons are also made against other similar companies , the industry average and the overall stock market average .
fifth , one &apos;s past experience is devalued while the ability to keep on learning is treasured . in a sense , one &apos;s past experience has become a liability rather than an asset . success stories in new economy are mostly inexperienced people . what they find is that many experienced people are handicapped by their past .
few will disagree that younger Singaporeans have become more open . some have even become rather casual about relationships . they have many boyfriends or girlfriends and break up just as quickly as they fall in love . without a sense of commitment in a relationship , can we expect them to settle down and start a family ?
expenditure on education facilities and improvements has always been a major budget consideration . there are now free and compulsory primary and junior secondary school places for every student up to the age of 15 years . in 1997 , the government subsidised Secondary 4 places for about 81 per cent of the 15-year-olds in a continuing programme .
even though the Republic is now a First World country , with economic affluence and other praiseworthy achievements that others envy , the fact remains that it still has some way to go before its educational and cultural sophistication is on par with the advanced Western countries and Japan , or with that of mainland China and Taiwan .
even John Chambers , boss of global giant Cisco Systems , says : &quot; there are two equalizers in life : the Internet and education . senior Minister Lee Kuan Yew is a world leader who understands this and is using the power of the Internet to position Singapore for survival and success in the Internet economy . &quot;
equities and government bonds are well suited to some investors . younger in-vestors will benefit from equity capital growth because they are generally invest-ing for the longer term and not unduly concerned at the lack of immediate yield . investors concerned with avoiding risk will be prepared to accept the relatively low yields now available on government bonds .
earlier , the Toronto office organised a major &apos; Hong Kong Day &apos; promotion in Vancouver , in conjunction with the Hong Kong Trade Development Council ( HKTDC ) , the Hong Kong tourist Association , the Hong Kong-Canada Business Association ( Vancouver Section ) , the Asia Pacific Foundation of Canada and the Vancouver Board of Trade .
but while we have succeeded in using technology to overcome human limitations , have we not unwittingly created new barriers for ourselves ? take , for example , the pre-recorded telephone information service . the reply often comes fast and furious in English and callers who do not understand the language are effectively excluded from using the service .
but history teaches us that there is nothing but disaster in dividing the world into &quot; us &quot; and &quot; them . &quot; cross-cultural interaction alone can enrich our spiritual civilization . can Taiwan build a lively &quot; mother tongue &quot; environment that encourages inter-cultural stimulation ? Thisis an issue to test the wisdom of the current generation .
but being occupied with work should not be reason for treating one &apos;s neighbours like strangers . one still has lots of opportunities for meeting fellow residents in the evening , on weekends or holidays when taking his kids to the playground , walking his dog , washing his car , or buying titbits at the corner shop .
births and deaths must be registered . records are kept in the General register Office . during the year , 60 379 live births and 32079 deaths were registered , compared with 64559 and 32049 respectively in 1996.The figures , when adjusted for under-registration , gave a natural increase in population for 1997 of about 0.4 per cent .
associated with events in China , 1966 saw mounting tension in Hong Kong . during 1967 , this developed into a series of civil disturbances , affecting all aspects of life and temporarily paralysing the economy . but , by the year &apos;s end , the disturbances were contained and the community continued its tradition of peaceful progress .
as a positive first step , we should begin to take a more active interest in the arts and culture of the other racial groups . knowing rudiments of each other &apos;s language and traditions would certainly make this a more meaningful and pleasurable experience . but it is a difficult task , especially for the older Singaporeans .
and feedback from our junior college principals has confirmed that , in fact , the SAP school students have not had a problem mixing with non-SAP school students . but we will continue to keep the situation under close review and help create more opportunities and we welcome suggestions from members as to how we can do so .
against such depressing backdrop , the news report of the prestigious Raffles Girls &apos; School placing the welfare of a student with learning disability above its academic excellence shone as a beacon worthy of emulation by others.By allowing this student to sit the O-level examination , the school failed to repeat its proud record of 100 % passes .
after having read the Senior Minister &apos;s memoirs , From Third World To First , many thoughts came surging into my mind . as a Singaporean and having lived through the earlier traumatic times , our present enviable economic success and high standards of living , all achieved within one generation , fill me with pride and gratitude .
after going through the mill of society , I now realise Mr Pan &apos;s intentions in comparing Nanyang University , the result of the tremendous effort of many different people , to the &quot; celestial bodies &quot; . his hope was that Nantah could one day vie with the sun and the moon for that piece of heaven .
about 242 500 people , or nearly 4 per cent of the population , are Catholics . they are served by 326 priests , 75 brothers , and 559 sisters.There are 60 parishes and 33 centres for Mass . most services and other religious activities are conducted in Chinese , with a few churches providing services in English .
a dollar today is worth more than a dollar in the future , simply because a dol-lar today can be deposited into a bank ac-count to earn interest . if one-year interest rates are 5 % , the $ 1 received today and deposited into the bank account would be worth $ 1.05 in a year &apos;s time .
Xu came here several times , the longest stint was the one from 1939 to 1942 , during which many of his masterpieces were completed . again , the few books written by Chinese experts on Xu , including a biography by Xu &apos;s wife , offer either sketchy or incorrect accounts of the time Xu spent here .
Rudyard Kipling , a sagacious British writer , once commented : &quot; nothing is more fallacious than to judge the East by the yardsticks of the West . &quot; however , many Western journalists are convinced that Western notions of democracy , including their interpretations of human rights , are universally applicable and seek to impose these worldwide .
Mr Lee Yock Suan , Singapore &apos;s Minister for Information and the Arts , produced an ambitious report in a March parliamentary session . the government , he declared , was keen to establish the island-state as a global city of arts and culture eventually on par with such sites of the muses as New York and London .
Lisa called that night to report on her latest adventures , which included a drive up the Pacific Coast Highway and a stroll on the beach . she and her colleagues had thought about taking a tour of the Queen Mary , which was anchored nerby , but had been scared off by the ＄ 18 entrance fee .
Li had no objection to writing the letter - on condition that he would not have to put his real name to it . he was afraid of repercussions and getting more than he had bargained for . here in Singapore , he felt , the wise thing to do was not to make too many public views .
Lastly , the need for a transparent and fair legal system will compel China to quicken the reform of its judiciary . this will help promote an independent and transparent judiciary which will have a more effective role keeping an eye on the government . a prerequisite of legal reform is separation of the government and the judiciary .
I would like to end by quoting from British philosopher Bertrand Russell &apos;s &quot; Principles of Social Reconstruction &quot; - &quot; It is impossible to prevent others from feeling hostile , but it is possible to avoid any reciprocal hostility on one &apos;s own part , by imaginative understanding and the sympathy which grow out of it . &quot;
I am convinced that the People &apos;s Action Party welcomes good competition . the party has strong grassroots organisations and winning without a real contest is not something it hopes to see repeated in every General Election . in fact , many grassroots leaders are game for a contest to see how the grassroots bodies will measure up .
Hong Kong &apos;s businesses and consumers rely heavily on voice telephonic services . Hong Kong had 4.7 million telephones served by more than 3.6million exchange lines at the end of 1997 . the telephone density was 72 telephones or 55 exchange lines per 100 population - the highest in Asia and one of the highest in the world .
Chinese Premier Zhu Rongji is a man of great confidence , yet , for all his stature , he is also admirably unassuming , frank and open-minded , characteristics he exuded during his three-day visit to Singapore.Like other Chinese leaders , Mr Zhu expressed keen interest in Singapore &apos;s success story and high regard for its far-sighted leaders .
Buddhism and Taoism , traditional Chinese religions , have a large local following with more than 600 Chinese temples in Hong Kong . Buddhist and Taoist deities are often honoured together in the same temple . leading deities include Buddha , Kwun Yum ( the Buddhist Goddess of mercy ) and Lui Cho ( a Taoist god ) .
4 . recently , many people have posed another question : why aren &apos;t there any Chinese Nobel Prize Laureates in biology or medicine ? I am of the view that this is only a matter of time . I believe that there will be a Chinese Nobel Prize winner in biology and medicine within the next decade .
3.Numbers and measurement will be important , of course , but smoothing the flow from month to month , from quarter to quarter will be essential for highly profitable long  term performance . practically every company will have to move away from today &apos;s obsession with looking ahead only as far as the next financial reporting period .
&quot; yes , I &apos;m sure . we have to face it together . I know you haven &apos;t told me the way you really feel . I don &apos;t know how we can help each other if we don &apos;t talk about it . I &apos;ve just been moping around the house and making everyone miserable . &quot;
&quot; the stakes were very high , &quot; says Dr. Steven Goldstein , the neurologist who treated Kubitz in the emergency room at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center . &quot; if he had remained in the state , he would have been severely disabled . to many people , that &apos;s a fate worse than death . &quot;
&quot; sometimes people do think I am just a child , &quot; he said . &quot; I went visiting the foreign ministry . at the gate , the guard would not let me in . he told me I was a child . I was angry . later , of course , the man realised his mistake . &quot;
you see , my mother , who studied Malay instead of Chinese when she was younger , used to make me write out the English pronunciations of Chinese words I had learnt when I was in primary one and two . I translated all my Chinese textbooks for her so that she could test my &quot; spelling &quot; ability .
why does the earth always move around the sun , and not fly off into cold space ? the sun &apos;s gravitation gives the answer . the earth is always trying to move away in a straight line , but the sun is always pulling it back . so it continues on its journey round and round the sun .
while foreigners who have chosen to strike out here are tough , they are also sensitive and have their weaknesses too . they need more recognition , kindness and concern , not indifference , accusations and excessive demands . doing so may not necessarily help retain them , but not trying at all will mean losing them for sure .
which is why a rising number of people in the West are now seriously learning the Chinese language . so long as the Chinese community here can revive its love and passion for the Chinese language and culture , I believe that the Chinese language , with its growing practical value , will get a new lease of life .
when one of the earth &apos;s great tectonic plates strains against another and there are no small tremors from time to time to relieve the stress , a major earthquake is likely in the long run . so say scientists at Columbia University , who believe they are now able to locate areas particularly overdue for a big one .
when I was involved with the Suzhou Industrial Park , I could feel the love of literature among the people there . then , I often met up with my friends working in the Suzhou Municipal Propaganda Department and the Broadcasting Bureau.There were many men of letters in these departments whose impassioned discussions covered a wide range of topics .
weather forecasts and warnings of hazardous weather are the responsibility of the Central forecasting Office at the Observatory &apos;s headquarters . marine weather forecasts cover the South China Sea and East China Sea . forecasts and advice are also provided for the civil aviation , business and industrial communities , port and container terminal operators and the oil-prospecting industry .
we have been in your country only 5 days , but already we have seen the wonders of a lifetime : the Great Wall of China -- a structure so huge and marvelous that it can be seen from space , the ancient city of Xi &apos;an , the tomb of the great Emperor , and the buried army .
we are not hopeless . we are not children without voices . but we are restricted in our own minds . we self-censor our thoughts for fear of reprisal.We hush our voices for fear of being heard . and perhaps we are also bound by our own laziness.The government , after all , can do the thinking for us .
unless they have resided in Singapore long enough , they are likely to draw a blank if you utter to them words like &quot; kiasu &quot; or &quot; alamak &quot; .Even if the range of your Chinese vocabulary is limited , they would respect and appreciate you more if you speak to them in Mandarin with an acceptable standard .
two such discoveries would be enough for one lifetime . happy is the man to whom it is granted to make even one such discovery . but in every single field which Mark investigated and he investigated very many fields , none of them superficially in every field , even in that of mathematics , he made independent discoveries .
to inject new life into the villa was tough enough , to keep the memorial hall a dynamic attraction will be an even more formidable task.To maintain a steady flow of visitors , one possibility is to turn the memorial hall into a &quot; history classroom &quot; where tours for students and members of clan associations could be arranged .
this progress will continue . we must neither ignore our problems nor overstate them . I hope that when history looks back upon this new chapter in our relationship , these will be remembered as days when America and China accepted the challenge to strengthen the ties that strive for a more secure and just peace in the world .
this leads me to my point that it is essential to distinguish between good Asian values and bad Asian values . not all Asian values are good values just as not all Western values are good values . there are good Asian values and bad Asian values , just as there are good Western values and bad Western values .
this has led to the articulation of two contrasting opinions . one blames the authorities for setting unattainable standards and sapping the energy of students who cannot cope . the other , on the contrary , voices worry that with the Chinese language fast losing ground , there will be no worthy successors in future to carry the torch .
then , A perspective on Education in Hong Kong suggested that an Education Commission including local experts and institutions be set up to draw up plans , make policies and check on their implementation . this signalled a change in the mindset of the colonial government , which was starting to see the need for overall planning in education .
the title of this article , &quot; Science and Technology &quot; , seems to be redundant at first glance , for in Chinese , the two terms are always used as one word &quot; keji &quot; （ 科技 ） which is a common technical term . a Chinese teacher would inevitably cross it with red ink as a mistake .
the sweet smell of successStudies show that customers in shops filled with soothing fragrances , such as vanilla or lavender , browse longer and buy more . similarly , supermarkets have learned to locate their bakeries in a place where the smell of fresh bread wafts throughout the store -- which means they wind up selling more of everything .
the survival of a language is closely linked to its environment . if it becomes more of a hindrance than help over time , official remedies such as the &quot; Speak Mandarin Campaign &quot; will not help very much . without a conducive setting , a few experts and enthusiasts are not enough to breathe life into the language .
the surging waters carved landforms unlike anything else on the continent . as Bretz remarked , the Scablands are aptly named , for they represent an unhealed wound in the skin of the Earth . the waters scoured off the soft , windblown soil near the surface and eventually reached bedrock , the hardened lava of the Columbia Plateau .
the sudden change in attitude by some Chinese cities - from &quot; an overwhelming interest to learn &quot; to &quot; open criticisms &quot; - has taken many by surprise . some Singaporeans even find it hard to accept . yet , looking at the transformation of China since the policy of reform and opening , the change seems inevitable .
the pronunciation of Chinese names can be tricky - much like the way Chinese find it tough to distinguish and remember the names of their Malay or Indian friends . a Chinese name , which strings together two or three different words that may not be related can be a tongue-twister for foreigners or friends from other ethnic groups .
the precious little picture is framed now and hangs in my study . six words -- one for each year of her life -- that speak to me of inner harmony , courage , undemanding love . a gift from a child with sea-blue eyes and hair the color of sand -- who taught me the gift of love .
the ongoing courtesy and kindness campaigns , the revamp of our education system and the beneficial impact of the mass media have certainly helped . but more importantly , as an increasing number of Singaporeans nowadays travel abroad regularly , they can see for themselves how much more pleasant and civilised life can be in a more cultivated community .
the invention of agriculture , however , did not permanently emancipate man from the fear of food shortages , hunger and famine . even in prehistoric times population growth often must have threatened or exceeded man &apos;s ability to produce enough food . then , when droughts or outbreaks of diseases and insect pests ravaged crops , famine resulted .
the ideal of one China works infatigably on the Chinese imagination everywhere , more so as the century mark draws near . that this is so is because of the tenacity of the ideal of &quot; he &quot; ( 和 ) , harmony and oneness , or &quot; he &quot; , ( 合 ) the political ideal of unity .
the government &apos;s watchful eye on actions that are non-establishment is one major deterrent to anything more ambitious than a bitching session . ( read : demonstrations , whether peaceful or not . ) Having said so , I have my doubts as to whether my peers will take any further action in the absence of the watchful eye .
the Surveyor has already revealed unexpected details about the size and structure of Mars &apos;s northern cap . the spacecraft will begin mapping , for the first time , the topography and composition of the even more poorly understood southern polar ice cap . the new infor mation will strip information of the lingering mysteries of the Martian poles .
the Hong Kong outward Bound School ( HKOBS ) is a registered charity established in 1970 . it belongs to an international network of over 40 schools in different countries . outward Bound world-wide has more than 50 years of professional experience in outdoor experiential education . its mission is to stimulate personal development and generate understanding between people .
the Financial Secretary is responsible under the Public Finance ordinance for laying before the Legislative Council each year the Government &apos;s estimates of revenue and expenditure . in his annual budget speech , he outlines the Government &apos;s budgetary proposals and moves the Appropriation Bill , which gives legal effect to the annual expenditure proposals contained in the Budget .
the AA has awarded the major franchises on aviation support services that are required on airport opening . works on these franchisees &apos; facilities were moving ahead rapidly . the award of other commercial franchises and licences continued . at the same time , preliminary planning went on for the long-term development of the airport island &apos;s real estate .
take some computer programmers , hardware designers , and software developers , for example . they are meticulous about saving cost , energy and space , but pay little attention to matters such as the impact on the vision and general health of the users . sometimes , the learning process is also made more complicated rather than simpler .
sometimes , warmed by a little wine , they would recite poetry and write them down with brush and ink . they would then exchange these works of calligraphy for fond remembrance . I have noticed that many in Suzhou &apos;s broadcasting circles have published anthologies , poetry and essays , and were proud that they have done so .
seriously , why should one worry when the government and key organisations have declared that their systems are Y2K compliant ? our organisations have even ensured that they have contingency plans to handle any crisis caused by outside parties which are not Y2K ready . when there &apos;s globalisation , there &apos;s always the possibility of a domino effect .
secondly , it actively encourages , or even exalts , risk-taking . hence , failure holds no terror and there is no stigma attached to a failed effort . on the contrary , they will try even harder next time round . such never-say-die approach is the sine qua non for the ultimate triumph in entrepreneurship and technological breakthrough .
recent articles in Zaobao on the declining standard of the Chinese language have attracted responses from the English press . some of them are of the view that readers of Chinese-language newspapers are over-reacting to groundless worry . they also believe Chinese intellectuals are deliberately confusing the situation , attempting to play up the importance of the Chinese language .
one year ago , al Qaeda openly ran terrorist training camps in Taliban-controlled Afghanistan , and sent their graduates around the world , including to Singapore , to carry out mass murder . the terrorist sanctuary in Afghanistan has been destroyed through the joint effort of many nations , and a start has been made at rebuilding that country .
of course , it does not mean all is well now with the growth of Chinese culture . the nature of our society has not changed , we will always be walking on a tight rope to maintain a balance between ethnic culture and national identity . a careless move may well trigger an all new debate and conflict .
not that Singaporeans fail to see the great world . conversely , as a recent study has revealed , quite a number of Singaporeans admit that they view themselves as &quot; citizens of the world &quot; . in other words , they are willing to be citizens of whatever country that offers a &quot; life of good quality &quot; .
not long ago , someone was translating a news story on Islam and Muslims from English to Chinese . one of the Muslims in the story was quoted as saying : &quot; we believe in God . &quot; what the translator did was to render the word &apos; God &apos; as &apos; Shangdi &apos; ( 上帝 ) in Chinese .
noise originating from domestic premises and public places is called neighbourhood noise and is handled by the police in response to complaints . in 1997 , the police dealt with some 800 complaints and 10 offenders were convicted . legislation to prevent continuous and prolonged noise nuisance from unnecessary activation of vehicle burglar alarms was implemented in April 1997 .
my friend from work has exactly the same problem with her husband . he forgets little things such as friends &apos; weddings , because he insists she never told him about them . this is after she &apos;s shown him her new outfit , shown him the present and even bought him a new tie to wear for it .
men attach more importance to marriage than women do , and there are fewer male celibates . moreover , men find more satisfaction in marriage . a survey found that 87 ％ of the men questioned said that if they married again they would choose the same partners , whereas 76 ％ of the women questioned said the same .
its ultimate aim is to convince the public , make them realise how evil the enemy is , and set the stage for the inteference , sedition or support of national terrorism , so as to achieve the goals of perpetuating a never-ending arms race and armed conflicts . to all of this , a noble reason is bestowed .
it is common knowledge that our education is far more successful in science and technology than in the humanities . hence , it is heartening to note that the newly-formed remaking Singapore Committee headed by Minister of State for National Development Dr Vivian Balakrishnan , will look into ways to boost humanities education and re-cultivate the spirit of humanity .
interesting archaeological features , almost certainly made by these people , include the rock carvings , most of which are geometric in style , at Shek Pik on Lantau Island ; on Kau Sai Chau , Po Toi , Cheung Chau and Tung Lung islands ; and at Big Wave Bay and Wong Chuk hang on Hong Kong Island .
in similar context , a study was commissioned this year to extend and upgrade the government &apos;s territorial water quality models so that they can be applied effectively also in the outer Pearl River estuary . this will provide a sound basis for assessment of the various Hong Kong-Guangdong infrastructure projects likely to be proposed as economic integration accelerates .
in his National Day Rally speech this year , Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong urged Singaporeans to learn the Chinese language in order to hop onto the China economic juggernaut.Here , I wish to highlight the need to learn the Malay language . this may seem to be a contradiction to the prevailing trend , but it is not .
in China , children learn the Chinese language by using pinyin . primary 2 students speak and write only in pinyin whereas children here memorise Chinese characters before they learn pinyin.Pinyin is efficient in teaching the Chinese language andthose who are familiar with it will be able to use pinyinised dictionaries to pick up new Chinese characters and terms .
in 1997 , the Hong Kong ballet &apos;s performances included Snow Queen , a double bill of artistic Director Stephen Jefferies &apos; Giselle and local choreographer Yuri ng &apos;s The School of the dolls , and Domy Reiter-Soffer &apos;s The Emperor and the Nightingale . it premiered Wayne Eagling &apos;s The Last Emperor and Stephen Jefferies &apos; The Nutcracker .
in 1982 , Cui Qi and two other colleagues discovered FQHE , an unexpected and major discovery in quantum physics . our understanding of the quantum effect of electric current in a magnetic field has been pushed to new frontiers . thus , for a long time , physicists have been expecting Cui Qi to bag the Nobel Prize .
important developments in Hong Kong &apos;s telecommunications sector in 1997 included the launching of Personal Communications Services ( PCs ) , and the licensing of competitive International virtual Private Network services and International simple resale services for facsimile and data.Increased competition is giving consumers greater choice of networks and operators , and services develop in response to the market .
if what these two Singaporeans said were true , then I can only say that Singaporeans , who have not tasted hardship before , will not know what it is like to experience difficulties . if they are only exposed to comfort and the good life , they will also not understand what the good life is all about .
however , if from the start you know exactly how much you stand to lose if your hunch is wrong , you may be emboldened to act . this is possible if you buy a call with the exercise price equal to the current share price . the maximum amount you can lose is the price of the call .
granted that it is important for PSA to adjust its fees , there must be no let-up on preserving its good service . an over-emphasis on price competitiveness at the expense of upgrading its service quality may cost the group its global reputation of being a &quot; high service quality &quot; international port established over the last few decades .
from its earlier obsession with political and economic survival to its hard-earned First World status , Singapore leaders and people are increasingly striving to ensure that it remains an open society , in which the citizenry has a voice in good governance and that more avenues are available to debate and seek redress on public policies adversely affecting them .
four days after the Titanic set out , a very big iceberg floated towards her . the great ship tried to turn away from it , but it was too late . the iceberg damaged 5 of her 16 watertight compartments The Titanic began to sink . there were not enough lifeboats for everybody , so 1,500 lives lost .
foreign Minister of Israel Shimon Peres who resigned recently puts it this way ; &quot; Peace is a matter of an agreement , not a matter of imposition , not a matter of a one-sided act , not a matter of power . a good neighbour is always better than the best of guns that you can acquire . &quot;
for the Chinese-educated , what is more important is that the Chinese culture - much like a pool of stagnant water - will now be able to flow again and even get connected with its source . the future may not be a bed of roses , but neither will it be as hopeless as it used to be .
for people who have left their hometown and have been wandering , no matter how long they have been living overseas , they will have a sense of uncertainty about the future . this is not the experience of an isolated few , but the common fate and heartfelt feelings of people who have been living away from home .
district Fight Crime Committees continued to play an important role . they monitored the crime situation in their districts , and helped foster community awareness of the need to prevent crime and community participation in fighting it . in October 1997 , all District Fight Crime Committee members participated in the Fight Crime reception at the Island Shangri-la Hotel .
before you accuse me of being too tight in the pants , ask yourself this : are you proud to be a Singaporean ? note that I &apos;m not asking if you are proud to be living in Singapore . I asked if you were proud to be a Singaporean.Tell me , what &apos;s there to be proud of ?
at Fudan University , we witness people from different parts of the world actively learning the Chinese language . even if the driving force is the desire to reap business and economic benefits from a rapidly-developing China , the motivation to learn new things and the sheer determination to succeed are , in themselves , traits that are commendable .
apart from absorbing the relevant professional terminology in CL , civil service officials must be able to interpret the connotation of discourse in CL if they intend to further upgrade their proficiency of CL . in order for them to do so , they must further immerse themselves within the complex political , social and cultural contexts of China .
along with two fellow NUS undergraduates , I have been studying in Shanghai &apos;s Fudan University since September on an inter-vasity exchange programme . the stint has proven to be an eye-opener - it has given me a better understanding and appreciation of where Singapore stands and what it takes for us to keep up with the fast-changing world .
after the announcement of the new policy on the teaching of Chinese language , I was most surprised by the fact that many of our elite among Chinese Singaporeans do not have a good grasp of the Chinese language . they also have reservations about the term &quot; Chinese elite &quot; . Dr Tan ChengBock was one of them .
admittedly , Singapore &apos;s voice on international issues may be less heard because of our small territory and population . yet it would be a &quot; family disgrace &quot; indeed if we had to be answerable to foreigners in all our domestic affairs . to establish our indigenous voice and views is to make Singapore duly heeded and regarded .
a new , more exact method called intensity modulated radiation therapy ( IMRT ) concentrated the killing rays more precisely on the desired target , allowing doctors to deliver stronger doses with fewer side effects . the most widely used form is peacock , so named because the pattern of its X rays can resemble a peacock &apos;s tail .
a bond is a long term debt security . it represents debt because the investors ac-tually lend the face amount to the bond is-suer . however , unlike loans , bonds can be traded in the open market , ie. the investor need not hold it to maturity or suffer a pe-nalty should he choose to sell the bond .
Thirdly , the WTO also requires &quot; transparency &quot; in areas like government administration and the judiciary.The pressure the Chinese government gets from the WTO and the measures it adopts to make its policy more transparent , will hopefully help it identify gradually with the principle of &quot; openness &quot; , which should extend from economic to political decisions .
Singaporeans also speak Mandarin with words adapted from the English and Malay languages . no one in China can give a Singaporean the direction to the 巴刹 because it is called 市场 there . and if a Singaporean asks for roti in Taiwan , he is likely to be given a blank stare instead of a loaf of bread .
Off-street public parking is provided by the Civil Aviation Department at the Hong Kong International Airport , the Housing Department in its housing estates and the Kowloon-Canton railway Corporation at its terminus in hung Hom . private sector multi-storey and open-air public car parks in commercial / residential buildings and open-air lots provide more than 156 000 parking spaces .
Jyrki Lignell , chief executive of Setec , the Finnish group that printed the notes , estimated that a maximum of 60 notes were affected . the problem had been caused by sheets of notes getting stuck together at the production stage , he said . he added that the missing hologram should have been detected by electronic surveillance .
I am not suggesting knowledge about ancient Greece or Rome or The legendary Three emperors and Five sovereigns in China - just our own history is enough to make many stumble . for instance , many well-educated Singaporeans will say , matter-of -factly , that we have a very brief history - only slightly more than a hundred years !
Hong Kong &apos;s minibuses are licensed to carry a maximum of 16 seated passengers . there were 6 742 minibuses in 1997 . of these , 4 350 were public light buses ( PLB ) , and 2 392 private light buses . private light buses are authorised to carry only group passengers and may not collect separate fares .
Herbert Bigelow worked with me on several of the subjets . we became good friends . he was released ahead of me , and when he left , he offered me a job at the St. Paul company of which he was president . I made up my mind then that someday I &apos;d give another convict a break .
Greasy-Some trichologists argue that excessively greasy hair can be caused by drinking too much milk , milkshakes and yogurt drinks . the fat in milk ends up in the sebaceous glands next to hair follicles which therefore produce too much oil . the solution is easy . cut out milk and you will notice a difference in a week .
Elliot would not allow normal trade to resume until he had reported fully to the British Government and received instructions . the British community retired to Macau and , when warned by the Portuguese Governor that he could not be responsible for their safety , took refuge on board ships in Hong Kong harbour in the summer of 1839 .
&quot; we &apos;re very interested in how the planets formed , and figuring out how comets are put together is a very important step in that process . by watching the comet come apart , we were hoping it was like hitting the rewind button and allowing us the opportunity to see how it formed , &quot; Weaver said .
&quot; it &apos;s a horrendous crime to make a Xerox of someone , &quot; argues author and science critic Jeremy Rifkin . &quot; you &apos;re pulling a human into a genetic straitjacket . for the first time , we &apos;ye taken the principles of industrial design -- quality control , predictability and applied them to a human being . &quot;
&quot; comets are building stones of the planetary system that we can still observe in their almost original state ... The breakup of the comet &apos;s nucleus releases the fresh material , which everybody in cometary science wants to study , &quot; said Hermann Boehnhardt of the European Southern Observatory , who wrote a commentary accompanying the Science research .
you see , things are fine just the way they are . why change them ? at least , I for one would think that way . status quo is perfectly fine . and status quo has it that my family can afford to live in a five-room HDB flat and that I can still buy my favourite CDs regularly .
yet , for the time being , apart from a few organised speech societies , it seems coffee shops are the common venues for discussions on current affairs and issues.There , one may occasionally hear people talk about &quot; hearsay news &quot; or touch on sensitive topics . even then , they seem to be cautious about what they say .
while we have grown out of the parochial view of absolute obedience to parents , we still hold our ancestors and elders in high regard . the society and family remain significant in terms of exercising some restrictions over us and providing us a sense of continuity - and Chinese names are the symbols and manifestation of such cultural values .
when Zaobao online followed some foreign websites by opening a forum on anti-Chinese riots in Indonesia , the strong reaction from its readers was overwhelming . e-mail poured in by the dozens on the very first night , condemning the atrocities . the readers have since been inundating the forum with their postings , as many as 100 a day .
we should be happy that the Sun Yat Sen Nanyang Memorial Hall has become a part of our history . the touching history of the villa is also the shared heritage of Singapore and China and the shared memory of the two peoples . and the historical connections will no doubt help boost ties between Singaporeans and the Chinese people .
we cannot assume that merely learning a language imbues one with any kind of value system . after learning German , I have not become more punctual or orderly . my friends who have learnt Italian or French have not suddenly become connoisseurs and romantic . and those who studied Japanese did not seem to have become any more efficient .
utilitarianism and pragmatism are part and parcel of a commercial society . to encourage more students to be bilingual , perhaps a &quot; bilingual salary increment &quot; could be given to civil servants whose bilingual abilities are certified through examinations . giving bilingual talent the financial rewards they deserved may be the way to nurture and develop more bilingual talent .
unemployment subsidies ? we have learnt from the experiences of other countries that this form of social welfare does not work . it not only puts a strain on the country &apos;s limited resources , but also does nothing to encourage the unemployed to look for a job . so we have to be steadfast against implementing such a measure .
under the close supervision and guidance of teachers and parents , we have to work hard in school and go for tuition after school . burning the midnight oil is commonplace . the result of such over-emphasis on formal learning is that many have had no opportunities to develop their talents in other areas and discover their sense of self-worth .
under the Convention of Chuenpi ( Chuanbi ) signed on January 20 , 1841 , Hong Kong Island was ceded to Britain . a naval landing party hoisted the British flag at possession Point on January 26 , 1841 , and the island was formally occupied . in June , Elliot began to sell plots of land and settlement began .
traditional festivals , like the various New Year &apos;s Daysof Singapore &apos;s several races , the Moon cake Festival , Deepavali , Hari Raya and Christmas , are good occasions for get-together with overseas Singaporeans . by celebrating together , we can keep them close in a shared yearning for the homeland . this may bring them back home again .
to support continuous improvement in managing government records , the RMO has organised a series of records management training courses under a total system and target-oriented approach for civil servants . the RMO has also undertaken a number of records management reviews for government agencies to help them improve the quality of records services and enhance cost-effectiveness in records management .
to provide greater privacy for HDB residents , the government has stopped building blocks with long common corridors . now , to curb the loosening of community bonds , it is encouraging people to meet one another more often . all these efforts are praiseworthy . yet it is the actual use of the proposed mid-level void deck that matters .
to make a thorough search , six teams of two divers descended daily , each team working a one-hour shift . they conducted their investigation by sweeping handheld metal detectors over the seafloor . whenever the audio tone of the detector sounded , a diver would mark the spot with a white cork float and return later to excavate it .
to China , the WTO admission is significant in two ways - opening up to as well as linking up with the global system . to deepen and widen the policy of opening up is to be expected , the most crucial impact lies in the changes that the Chinese system will undergo as a result of the WTO membership .
this is in accord with current as well as future education policy . it also lists out the demands we have for our elite in a fitting and proper manner . with a clear goal and direction , coupled with the &quot; kiasu &quot; spirit of striving for the best , Singaporeans will surely be able to achieve greater things .
this covered system was opened in October 1993 . starting from two footbridges over Des Voeux Road , Central , it passes through Central Market and over the narrow streets in Central and ends at conduit Road.Managed by a private operator under a management contract , the system was used by an average of 34 000 people daily in 1997 .
these outcomes embrace five different dimensions , namely , the moral , cognitive , physical , social and aesthetic . if you take a look at the document , you would clearly see the emphasis placed on developing the moral person , since it is clearly a person &apos;s value system that constituted the wellspring for his actions and behaviour .
therefore , the second aspect of the Net will be more important . its significance goes beyond that of connecting businesses . there have been reports of simultaneous consultation of doctors from all over the world , surgery on the Net and cooperation in research and development made possible by the Internet . these are early examples of high-level networking .
therefore , so far as the future cross-strait ties are concerned , if both sides keep on striving for a democratic society instead of seeking solution by armed forces , they will eventually merge into one . I believe that , if there can be a wise statesman who would come forth and make efforts , difficulties will be overcome .
there is a connection between the two extremes . the declining standard of the Chinese language and the half-baked understanding of the essence of Chinese characters are the causes . the lack of emphasis on the need for Chinese language also plays a part . and the infrequent and indiscriminate use of the Chinese language also forms a vicious circle .
the truth is indeed disappointing to hear , either for the ethnic Chinese or any other Asian peoples . one may have thought that , with the economic boom and social progress in Asia , the former colonies &apos; servile ways were gone for ever . but now it transpires that the inequality between East and West is still there .
the preservation of genealogy suffered its severest blow during the infamous Cultural Revolution ( 1966-1976 ) , a period of senseless destruction of cultural heritage , unprecedented in Chinese history , aimed at &quot; eradicating its decadent feudal past &quot; .Fearful of persecution , numerous families , perforce , had to destroy their cherished family genealogical records for safety reasons .
the port has extensive facilities for repairing , dry-docking and slipping all types of vessels of up to 150 000 dead-weight tonnes , including oil rigs.Smaller shipyards are able to build and maintain workboats and pleasure vessels . the Marine Department provides a free inspection and advice service to promote safe working practices in ship-repairing , ship-breaking and cargo-handling afloat .
the port handles about 90 per cent , by weight , of Hong Kong &apos;s trade . In1997 , it remained the world &apos;s busiest container port , handling some 14.5million TEUs ( 20-foot equivalent units ) . it also remained one of the busiest in terms of vessel arrivals and departures , as well as cargo and passenger throughput .
the ordinance also provides for the Chief Executive to appoint an independent statutory authority , the Privacy Commissioner for Personal Data , to monitor , supervise and promote compliance with its requirements . the first Privacy Commissioner , Mr Stephen Lau Ka-men , MBE , was appointed in 1996 to head an office with an initial establishment of 32 posts .
the library system continues to expand . the small library in Yiu Tung Estate and the district library in San Po Kong were opened in February and April respectively . the council now operates 38 libraries in the urban areas . works for the new Tsz wan Shan library and the new Lok Fu library were also well under way .
the legal system of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region ( HKSAR ) is firmly based on the rule of law and the independence of the Judiciary . under the principle of &apos; one country , two systems &apos; , the HKSAR &apos;s legal system is different from that of the Mainland , and is based on the common law .
the intense global competition for foreign talent has made some countries and cities take this &quot; sense of belonging &quot; approach to attract them.The dynamic Shanghai city is an excellent example . it used to be the city that was &quot; most discriminatory against foreigners &quot; - in the eyes of Shanghainese , all non-Shanghainese were &quot; country bumpkins &quot; .
the idea makes me feel a sense of grievance . I am single but I love my country . still , I &apos;d rather remain single than settle for someone incompatible . did we not advocate eugenics some years back ? how can I be accused of being disloyal when I am just waiting for someone on the same wavelength ?
the division formulates the government &apos;s overseas public relations strategy ; co-ordinates all international publicity efforts , including major promotions and festivals in overseas countries with which Hong Kong has significant trading interests . it also monitors Hong Kong &apos;s image overseas , responds to requests from overseas journalists and provides information to Hong Kong &apos;s offices in other countries .
the currency and economic issues in East Asia has shown that the ASEAN way needs to be supplemented by institutions.We have no regional surveillance mechanism which could have alerted us to the seriousness of the situation . once the crisis occurred , we had no institution to mobilize our collective resources to help economies in distress in a timely manner .
the consultation process for corporate materials never fails to evoke gems of wisdom like &quot; No green , please . Qing ( raw ) numbers are not ripe enough to strike &quot; ! &quot; no blue either , it is a mourning colour ! &quot; and &quot; Don &apos;t use rust red &apos; dried blood &apos; wreaks of death ! &quot;
the code of conduct for medical professionals require that they treat all patients as equals . now , given the doctor &apos;s testimony , how can one still rest assured that his right to medical care and treatment won &apos;t be affected by his nationality or colour ? even more serious is the hidden problem with our sense of identity .
the audit Commission was formerly known as the audit Department . the audit Commission is established under the Basic Law , which provides that the audit Commission shall function independently and be accountable to the Chief Executive of the HKSAR . the audit Commission is one of Hong Kong &apos;s oldest departments . the first Auditor-General was appointed in 1844 .
the Tate &apos;s Cairn tunnel was opened to traffic in 1991 , providing an additional direct road link between the north-eastern New Territories and Kowloon . about four kilometres long , it is Hong Kong &apos;s longest road tunnel and was used by an average of 71 000 vehicles daily in 1997 , paying $ 8 to $ 20 each .
the Sikhs - distinguished by their stylised turbans and unshorn hair - came to Hong Kong from the Punjab , in North India , as part of the British Armed Forces in the 19th century . because of their generally strong physique , they also comprised a large segment of the Royal Hong Kong Police Force before World War II .
the Provisional Regional Council maintains 703 hectares of greenery in parks , gardens , sports grounds , soccer pitches , games areas and children &apos;s playgrounds in the New Territories . it also manages amenity plots and soft landscape along highways and roads . in 1997 , more than 400000 plants were planted in parks , playgrounds and roadside amenities .
the Minister for Education and Second Minister for Defence , RADM ( NS ) Teo Chee Hean who spoke at the National Institute of Education &apos;s convocation on August 30 at the Kallang theatre , outlined the attributes of a &quot; Good teacher &quot; , and urged all teachers to constantly ungrade themselves to command greater respect of the society .
the IIAC was established in March 1997 under OFTA to advise on co-ordination for the orderly development of Hong Kong &apos;s information infrastructure . three task forces and nine working groups were set up under the IIAC to tackle individual issues on a more detailed and technical level . the IIAC plans to publish its first report in March 1998 .
that prospect is deeply troubling , because infectious illness is a genie that can be very hard to put back into its bottle . it may kill fewer people in one fell swoop than a raging flood or an extended drought , but once it takes root in a community , it often defies eradication and can invade other areas .
suppose you are visiting Beijing University . ask the students whether they are willing to fight as soldiers in a war to take Taiwan back to China , and you will get a &quot; Yes &quot; from more than 90 percent of them . they believe reunification is currently the top priority for China . this I can well understand .
personal octopus holders who travel frequently on the LRT enjoy frequent-user bonuses ranging from 10 to 28.2 per cent . from September 1997 , single-ride ticket fares for adults ranged from $ 4 to $ 5.80 . at the end of 1997 , the LRT and its feeder and auxiliary buses carried an average of 364 000 passengers per day .
one would include improved surveillance systems that would promptly spot the emergence or resurgence of infectious diseases or the vectors that carry them . discovery could quickly trigger measures to control vector proliferation without harming the environment , to advise the public about self-protection , to provide vaccines ( when available ) for at-risk populations and to deliver prompt treatments .
one need not infer that , to carry out their mission , the media must speak for the government or the ruling party , but we do need a &quot; Singapore perspective &quot; . otherwise , our voice can hardly reach the international community , nor can there be effective communication within our people amid the jarring noise from without .
one day , when Mother Earth can no longer tolerate man &apos;s disrespect for her , there will be no need for powerful nuclear arms . when Mother Earth , who has always given life to mankind , decides not to be loving and kind to us anymore , that will be the day when all of mankind will perish .
of course , one of these two viewpoints are not antagonistic to the other ; it &apos;s only a question of different emphasis . it is easy to understand that those students who have learned Chinese well can use the language to think . but , teaching thinking so that the students will learn Chinese well calls for some explanation .
more than 6 000 local and international media representatives were accredited to cover the handover ceremony and Hong Kong became literally the focus of the world . detailed plans were made to facilitate media coverage without affecting the overall security arrangements . police worked closely with the Information Services Department to keep the media thoroughly briefed on the security arrangements .
let me explain how this happens . first , one must enjoy a certain mobility , having been to different cities in a country or different parts of the world and , in the process , develops varying degrees of liking for the place he has spent time in , which is the basis for growing a sense of belonging .
it is the first programmable autonomous computing machine in which the input , output , software and hardware are all made of biomolecules . instead of using figures and formulas to solve a problem , the microscopic computer &apos;s input , output and software are made up of DNA molecules -- which store and process encoded information in living organisms .
it is difficult to fathom the importance of the arts when there are many more pressing and immediate concerns to face . but at the same time , should we only concern ourselves with survival and attending to our basic needs , then we are no better off than the poorest of poor countries despite our economic achievements to date .
indeed , when advancing to keep up with the changing times , those leading the way should take care not to leave others far behind . they would be well-advised to look back from time to time and lend a helping hand to those lagging behind.After all , the slower movers have made their contribution to what Singapore is today .
in the year , they handled 215 000 media enquiries , organised 326 press conferences and briefings , attended 417 incidents , and issued 3 452 press releases . they also produce a fortnightly newspaper , OffBeat , monitor media coverage of police and criminal activities ; and conduct various campaigns , major ones including Fight Crime and Police recruitment .
in contrast , the Chinese mediators see the dispute as part of a large context that goes beyond the individual interest and into the realm of the community.The mediators act as the guardians of community interest and the standard of good conduct . such practices reflect the collectivism of Chinese culture where individuals identify themselves as part of a group .
in addition , the HKTA created special reunification souvenirs with 1997 designs . these ranged from practical items such as coasters and T-shirts to collectibles such as silver medallions and a quartz dress watch . it also produced special commemorative certificates , which were available to visitors in Hong Kong over the 100 days from July 1 to October 8 .
in America , citizens have been advised to stock up on necessities for a short period in case of Y2K disruptions . should we do the same ? my answer is : go stock up your freezer because it &apos;s a holiday . however if you still have fears , then treat your shopping spree as a civil defence exercise .
in 1996 , one would probably define &quot; new economy &quot; as an economy powered by technology . now , five years later , various new advancements are calling for a modified view.It is true that new economy is driven by technology , but that is not all . a spirit of innovation and initiative is also fueling its progress .
if a well is made near the middle of the oil field , gas will be ob tamed . this may blow out of the well with great force if it is not controlled . in parts of America such gas is sent through pipes to distant towns , and used , like coal gas , in houses and factories .
his political thinking is characterised with a strategic vision that enables him to grasp issues from a global perspective . he can perceive the very essence of a situation which is hidden deep but has far-reaching consequences.By contrast , politicians of Hong Kong are so much involved in trivialities that they often fail to see the wood for the trees .
herein is much for the public to chew on . should education enable people to begin their life &apos;s race on a level field from a common starting line by granting each a fair share of the resources available , or should it allow some of them to benefit from their parents &apos; power and influence to win the competition ?
from run-down wooden houses to home ownership , the HDB has greatly improved the quality of life of many Singaporeans . as most of my peers were born into comfortable HDB flats , it is easy for us to take things for granted . to many of us , improvement means regularly upgrading to a bigger house despite soaring prices .
forced by intense competition , the media has no choice but to pander to the readers . and the politicians also try their very best to be in the limelight . for example , in the presidential election last year , both Al Gore and George W. Bush tried to shed their wooden image by making wisecracks before their voters .
for example , in early 1998 , when inter-bank rates were as high as 12 % , investors who locked in their funds at high deposit rates of about 6 % for a year would have had to roll o-ver at much lower interest rates 12 months la-ter when their deposits matured and rates had fallen to about 1 % .
for candidates who borrow money to run for office , are they truly motivated by the desire to serve the people ? when elected and faced with mountains of debts and &quot; favours &quot; to repay , would they be able to stay &quot; clean &quot; ? this explains why Philippine officials are often accused of taking bribes and cronyism .
following the environmental summit this past July in Bonn , Getmany , every nation but one is pressing ahead with the Kyoto Protocol , which caps industrialized countries &apos; output of greenhouse gases . already some 31 resolutions , amendments and bifis -- from endorsements of Kyoto to modifications of the Clean Air Act -- are kicking around Capitol Hill .
first and foremost , it has the largest concentration of brilliant computer professionals and the best supporting services in the world , and easy access to world-class research institutions , like Stanford University , which continually nurtures would-be geniuses which the industry needs in order to move forward . without these advantages , the Valley would be a different place .
finally , with the low required capital and transaction costs , an investor can get in and out of the market easily and cheaply . if there is good liquidity of SiMSCI Futures to start with , a virtuous circle can set in to draw in more hedgers and speculators , leading to even lower transaction costs and higher liquidity .
everything humans do has a function , and laughing is no exception . its function is surely communication . we need to build social structures in order to live well in our society and evolution has selected laughter as a useful device for promoting social communication . in other words , it must have a survival advantage for the spedes .
does the term book-to-bill ratio sound familiar to you ? do you know the demand and supply numbers of private condominiums in Singapore for the next year ? if you do , you must have already performed some sort of industry analysis on the electronics and property industries ( or sectors as commonly referred to in stock market terms ) .
do these decisions matter ? and , given the wide variety of options , do they cause confusion among students and parents ? the short answer to both questions is &quot; Yes &quot; . I know . for , like many others who make a living in the field of education , I get lots of questions about such concerns .
despite Hong Kong &apos;s dense urban environment , opportunities for outdoor recreation are not lacking . there are 22 country parks provided with barbecue sites , picnic sites , camp sites and extensive hiking trails . in 1997 , over 10 million visits were made to these parks covering some 40 per cent of Hong Kong &apos;s total land area .
curiously , several groups of scientists , each using different instruments to study C / linear &apos;s chemistry , found that the comet had few carbon-containing molecules . based in large part on the discovery of such molecules on other well-known comets , scientists have proposed that comets delivered to Earth the carbon-based components necessary to the emergence of life .
citing official statistics , Huang said that there are now almost 100,000 Chinese Web users in Australia . large cities in Australia have increasingly attracted more Chinese immigrants . in some downtown streets in Melbourne , Chinese students speaking Cantonese or even the Beijing dialect rubbed shoulders with locals . Australian authorities also encourage immigrants to use their mother tongue .
chewing gum stuck on the doors of MRT trains can cause them to malfunction and the entire system to come to a standstill . a cigarette spiked with heroin can prove too tempting for many , eventually breaking up a family and ruining a person &apos;s future . heed the saying &quot; a single spark can start a fire &quot; .
but they disagree on how the Speakers &apos; corner should be managed . some believe that the government must make sure nobody abuses it . others think it should be regulated in a laissez-faire way , which means speakers should be allowed to say whatever they like － even with name-calling － so long as they abide by the laws .
besides placing more emphasis on competitive analysis , it is significant to note that Sun Zi placed it before understanding the weather and terrain . this is clearly illustrated in the first quotation cited at the beginning of this paper . in fact , in the second quotation cited in this paper , weather and terrain were not even mentioned !
before broaching the subject of this lecture , I should like to recall that the discoveries of radium and of polonium were made by Pierre Curie in collaboration with me . we are also indebted to Pierre Curie for basic research in the field of radioactivity , which has been carried out either alone , in collaboration with his pupils .
back to our mobile column in Tampines . the day after the parade , I asked my Tampines friend whether he managed to catch it.This was his report : &quot; do you know we waited and waited till 11 PM ? there were many people — including grandmothers and babies . but the mobile column didn &apos;t pass by . &quot;
at a seminar organised by the Singapore Stock Exchange in March this year , I made a casual remark that many Malay Singaporeans did not seem to speak good Malay nowadays . the audience reacted with surprise and incomprehension . but when I asked : &quot; how many Chinese here can speak Mandarin fluently ? &quot; the participants fell silent .
at 17 , I decided to see the world . I had already seen quite a lot of it . my family owned a salon and , because it kept them so busy , I had my time to myself . I earned spending money shinning shoes , selling newspapers , delivering groceries and doing odd jobs around the tavern .
as the majority , the Chinese must take the initiative in demonstrating the interest , sincerity and need to reach out to and get to know other communities.In an atmosphere of mutual acceptance , we will come to view our differences in habits or even outlook of life as natural . this will consolidate the foundation of our multiracial society .
as a member of the Selection Panel for the inspiring Chinese Teachers Award , I had the opportunity of reading through nearly one hundred nomination papers sent in by pupils , parents , teachers and principals . they have cited various outstanding qualities of the nominated teachers , among them , there are several common features which are most noteworthy :
as a committee member of the Asia-Pacific Regional Memorandum of Understanding on Port State Control , the Marine Department has the obligation to ensure that foreign merchant ships visiting Hong Kong comply with the provisions of various international safety and environmental protection conventions . to discharge this function , the department &apos;s surveyors carry out selective inspections for those ships .
apart from religion , the other main cause of civil unrest and war is economics . there will always be friction if people only live for themselves and unwilling for his neighbour and enemy to prosper or share in the prosperity . there will always be disharmony as long as there are individuals who harbour animosity , hate or jealousy .
and all the Arabs of the city , Muslims and Christians alike , who heard how Hakham of the Jews had saved an honored family from shame and disunion , whispered to one another , &quot; blessed is the generation that was worthy of a Dayan like that and happy is the nation that has the likes of him . &quot;
an expeditionary force arrived in June 1840 to back these demands , and thus began the so-called First Opium War ( 1840-42 ) . hostilities alternated with negotiations until agreement was reached between Elliot and Qishan ( Keshen ) , the Manchu Commissioner who had replaced Lin after the latter was exiled in disgrace over the preliminaries of a treaty .
all this requires a strong economy and sustained growth . that in turn defines a set of challenges that we share with many nations , indeed with the world as a whole . they arise from the interdependence of our economies , and a global economic system which sees a widening gap between the richer and poorer parts of humanity .
after settling here , the endless sound of bursting firecrackers on Chinese New Year &apos;s Eve has been replaced by the non-stop ringing of IDD calls . as soon as the reunion dinners at my elder brother and in-laws &apos; place are over , I cannot wait to head home to call relatives and friends in Taiwan to exchange greetings .
a performance pledge scheme for licensing services was introduced in December 1992 . the scheme was extended in December 1996 to cover vehicle examination and government tunnel services . an active customer liaison group , with 33 members , enabled direct public participation in advising the Transport Department of customer &apos; requirements and in gauging public opinion on services provided .
a month or so after that , when I next went to the beach , she wasn &apos;t there . feeling guilty , ashamed andadmitting to myself I missed her , I went up to the cottage after my walk and knocked at the door . a drawn  looking young woman with honey - colored hair opened the door .
a midnight feast turned into horror for one Austrian woman when she opened the door to her pantry and was mobbed by over 100 flying bats , police said on Monday . it took four experts from the Association of bat Science and a police officer to free the protected nocturnal creatures from the woman &apos;s apartment in central Vienna .
a housewife in her 30s and one who hardly reads newspapers , she raised her voice : &quot; what ? why didn &apos;t you tell me about it ? I would have gone down to watch it . &quot; hers is a typical single-income HDB heartlander family . although she is not well-to-do , she is still a proud Singaporean .
a comprehensive system of labour legislation has been developed to provide for employees &apos; benefits and protection , work injury compensation , work safety and occupational health . free employment services are provided to help job-seekers find jobs and employers recruit staff . the Employees retraining Board equips workers displaced in the economic restructuring with new skills for alternative employment .
a common technique employed to restore a harmonious relationship between parties is to try to convince the parties to forgive each other.Mediators would quote idioms such as hao xin you hao bao ( the kind-hearted will receive good blessings ) . they also suggest to parties that it is a greater virtue to forgive than to enforce one &apos;s rights .
a Hong Kong delegation attended a number of international trade shows , including the European Incentive and Business travel and Meetings exhibition in Geneva , the Incentive travel and Meetings executives Show in Chicago and the Asia Pacific Incentives and Meetings Expo in Melbourne . participation by members of the Hong Kong travel industry in such events continued to grow .
Sig recognizes human voices through microphones attached to both sides of its head . it can turn its face toward someone who talks to it by calculating the speaker &apos;s location based on data such as the loudness of the voice captured on its microphones . the robot also identifies the speaker visually with its cameras , using image-recognition technology .
Protestant organisations operate three post-secondary colleges : Chung Chi College at the Chinese University of Hong Kong , Hong Kong Baptist University and Lingnan College . they run 144 secondary schools , 192 primary schools and 273 kindergartens and 116 nurseries . they also operate 13 theological seminaries and Bible institutes , 16 Christian publishing houses and 57 Christian bookshops .
Prof Chang went on to confirm Hong Kong &apos;s stature as a major cosmopolitan centre , citing a recent study conducted in the United States which ranked the city among the &quot; top 10 &quot; in the world . the Culture and Heritage Commission , he expected , would help Hong Kong attain even higher excellence in arts and culture .
Post-911 , Islam and local Muslims were put under the spotlight . Singaporean Muslims were told by local politicians they had no reason to be &quot; defensive &quot; . yet , Muslims were also described by one local news provider as being &quot; sensitive &quot; to reports on Islam and Muslim although it acknowledge that many overseas reports were biased .
I wish to add that , enforcing compulsory education does not mean putting in prison parents who allow their child to drop out . I am sure a multi-pronged approach can be carefully worked out.The process should not only involve schools and the families , but should also have the support of the community , the police and grassroots organisations .
I remember reading a book on educational psychology for children , which says that adults should not attempt to shape children according to their own stereotypes . now , we are setting up models for good students and laying down rules of dress and appearances for boy and girl students respectively . doesn &apos;t that go against principles of education ?
5.Persuasive skills will be used in many ways by the corporation of the future , the most  effective individuals will be those who know how to present information and ideas so that others can understand and support a particular position . good salesmanship will be essential in many more interactions than we consider today , especially inside the organization .
&quot; that &apos;s great , &quot; I would say . &quot; we have a pretty good day lined up tomorrow , too . &quot; I intended King for lunch and KFC for dinner . no dishes to clean , I told myself , which freed me up to play with my precious sons . isn &apos;t that the important thing ?
work started on a replacement of the department &apos;s central computer system which contains a comprehensive data base to facilitate control processes and risk management and to improve intelligence and statistical analysis . a new computer system is being developed to support operations and controls at the land border to allow for increasing traffic flows and 24-hour operations at the border .
whether in music or literature , painting or architecture , art is what gives soul to our otherwise routine existence . our neglect of the arts would almost certainly ensure that the world &apos;s best and brightest , as well as our own most successful , will seek life elsewhere if all Singapore has to offer is adequate and comfortable survival .
when they join the English-speaking working world after leaving school , their command of the Chinese language which is already weak to begin with , is not going to get better . how can we then possibly expect them to develop a passion for Chinese culture , and get them interested in watching a Chinese drama or opera ? they asked .
what is especially worth mentioning was a motion by Mr Lim Swee Say , MP for Tanjong Pagar GRC , who called on all Singaporeans to unite together to overcome the situation . this motion won the support of the two opposition members in Parliament , whose manifestation of political maturity in such adverse times is truly comforting to us all .
we do not know when man first began to use salt , but we do know that it has been used in many different ways throughout history . historical evidence shows , for example , that people who lived over 3,000 years ago ate salted fish . thousands of years ago in Egypt , salt was used to embalm the dead .
violent crimes , including murder , wounding , serious assault , rape , indecent assault , kidnapping , blackmail , criminal intimidation , robbery and arson , declined to 13 749 cases , compared with 15 191 in 1996 . robbery , wounding and serious assault accounted for some 72.1 per cent of the total number of violent crimes in 1997 .
unlike options , a forward contract makes you obligated you to either buy or sell an asset at a future date , but at a price determined today . for example , you may enter into a gold forward contract to buy for delivery in February 1999 , 100 ounces of gold at a price of US $ 300 an ounce .
true , the new changes helped to bring along unprecedented freedom of speech in Taiwanese society . yet it also encouraged people to challenge the credibility of the original power structure and question the authority of law . meanwhile , people got confused about their state and national identities.As a result , the social order was disrupted and public security worsened .
to promote career opportunities in the tourism industry , the HKTA supports the travel and Tourism Education Programme . at the end of 1997 , 68 schools made tourism a subject in their curriculum , reaching some 4600 students . the HKTA also holds regular career seminars , exhibitions and presentations to encourage school children to consider a career in tourism .
to profit from the populist localisation , politicians and their campaigning aides resorted to war of words and demonising of rivals instead of appealing to the voters withtheir platforms.Not only did such strategies make the process of campaigning highly charged but they have created difficulties for the newly-elected administration in smoothing away the political passion and restoring consensusamong the divided people .
this unwritten rule resulted in the sharp increase in the trafficking of Chinese labourers during a time when slave-trafficking was also in full swing in the United States . in the early 19th century , countless numbers of Chinese along the coasts of Fujian and Guangdong provinces were shanghaied and shipped to Bangka and Billiton where they were sold as labourers .
these moves ended up isolating the cream of KMT , chiefly made up of mainlanders , and eventually forcing them to quit , thus sapping the strength of the ruling party.Meanwhile , a large number of native Taiwanese with criminal records were able to launder themselves clean by joining the power structure , thus giving rise to the much-condemned black-gold politics .
there are young working Singaporeans who hope to learn the Malay language but have little idea where such courses are available . some private schools and community clubs do offer Malay-language classes but they are mostly short courses . for people who are keen on acquiring a deeper knowledge of the Malay language and culture , where should they turn to ?
then the subject of relations across the Taiwan Straits cropped up . they felt both sides had made the mistake of paying more attention to rhetoric than substance and being penny-wise , pound-foolish and were very much like some incomprehensible and unreasonable women . when I protested against the &quot; male-female &quot; analogy , they changed it to &quot; yin-yang &quot; .
the sample household survey released recently by the Housing Board shows a downturn in neighbourliness among Singaporeans . to help people meet one another , the Board is considering the idea of mid-level void decks in the forthcoming 40-storey blocks . with the special space on the 20th floor , fellow flat-dwellers are expected to socialise with their neighbours more easily .
the ruling party had obviously taken into consideration the timing and feelings of the people . in addition to the re-drawing of electoral boundaries and the calling of a snap election , it did away with the four-member Group representation constituencies to provide for mega constituencies - the five or six-member GRCs - a move that sent the opposition into disarray .
the reborn villa has sparked a positive chain of reactions . for instance , some people in Penang have suggested building a similar memorial hall at the original site of the Penang Philomatic Society , which was founded by Dr Sun Yat Sun . on hindsight , if we had destroyed the villa , we would now live to regret it !
the occasion is unique not so much because this is probably the last address before I retire from public life I shall be giving to an institution of learning that has honored me with a degree on what is almost certainly the last state visit that I shall be making during the life of South Africa &apos;s first democratically elected government .
the meows that were rated most pleasant were shorter in duration , had higher frequencies and tended to change from high to low notes . those rated most urgent were longer in duration , had lower frequencies and often began on low notes and escalated to higher ones . rarely did a meow receive high marks for both pleasant and urgent .
the department &apos;s fourth set of performance pledges was published , together with the department &apos;s vision , mission and value statements.These reinforce the department &apos;s commitment to quality service . to support better public accountability , the department regularly reviews the quality of its services with three customer liaison groups connected with air cargo , sea cargo and dutiable commodities .
the council &apos;s Best of visual Arts Scheme enables local visual artists to exhibit their works at major civic centres . works by local visual artists and art organisations are presented in one-person or joint exhibitions , featuring painting , calligraphy , sculpture , ceramics and print-making . in all , 14 exhibitions were presented , attracting 8524 viewers in 1997 .
the biochemical Sciences sections continued development of the new DNA-related PCR / STR techniques , introducing these into casework on a limited basis in the middle of the year . Compilation of databases continues as does development of further systems . it is hoped that the PCR technique will form the basis of all biochemical casework by the middle of 1998 .
the Provisional Regional Council operates 26 libraries , including three central libraries , 19 district libraries and four mobile libraries . installed with one of the largest automated bilingual ( Chinese and English ) library systems in the world , these libraries provide fast book return , borrowing and reservation services , plus an on-line catalogue to members of the public .
the Hong Kong Seamen &apos;s Training Centre , a modern and well-equipped learning institute operated by the vocational Training Council , provide straining courses for new entrants and in-service training . the falling recruitment of local seafarers nevertheless continues to remain a major concern . Hong Kong shipping companies continue to sponsor cadets and trainees joining the Seamen &apos;s Training Centre .
the Hong Kong Police Force has operational responsibility for crime prevention and detection ; the maintenance of law and order ; traffic matters and the detection of illegal immigration.At December 31 , the Force had 33514 members , comprising 27588 disciplined staff and 5926 civilians . police operations are reinforced by 5455 volunteer citizens of the Hong Kong auxiliary Police Force .
the European Central Bank admitted that it was preparing to stop printing - 500 and - 200 denomination euro banknotes this year as part of a plan to streamline production of the new currency.Commercial banks previously criticised the decision to print such high  denomination notes as a retrograde step in an economy that is aiming to move away from cash .
the Airport core Programme includes a rail link which will provide a fast , efficient service to the new airport and a domestic service to Tung Chung New Town . the new line will help to relieve existing congestion on the Nathan Road Corridor of the Mass Transit railway and it will also serve new developments on the West Kowloon reclamation .
that is why we have stressed the importance of bilingual education and nurtured the growth of Special Assistance Plan schools to carry on the best traditions of the old Chinese schools.The annual Speak Mandarin Campaign and the many efforts to revitalise Chinese cultural institutions and traditions have also helped to meet the needs and concerns of the Chinese community in Singapore .
some 18 countries have laws against &quot; species - altering procedures &quot; in humans , but the United States does not . the Food and Drug Administration now says that it will regulate any such research , but some legal experts dispute the agency &apos;s authority . and in any case , the agency can regulate only safety , not ethics .
so when I read of how the new remaking Singapore Committee had set one of its goals as challenging the traditional roads to success , encouraging Singaporeans to realise alternative careers in the arts , sports , research or as entrepreneurs , I had my doubts about its success in this area , if not coupled with help from parents themselves .
since the transfer of sovereignty , the Interpol Division represents the Force as a sub-bureau of the China National Central Bureau , in the International Criminal Police Organisation ( ICPO ) , better known as Interpol . a Hong Kong Police officer is seconded to the ICPO General Secretariat in Lyon , France to work in one of its specialised groups .
one has to do more with both natural gifts than formal , extensive academic training . their number cannot be increased under command ; they develop spontaneously whenever the scientific training of the community is adequate to providethe basic training they need -- which is today the case in several nations over the world , including many of the developing countries .
on total cash outflows of $ 7,240 , the loss of $ 2,960 amounts to a 40.9 % loss while the index drops by a relatively small 8.2 % . such is the power of &quot; leverage &quot; or &quot; gearing &quot; , i.e. , being able to bet on something worth $ 36,000 with only a capital of $ 7,240 .
on completion of a corruption prevention study , a report with detailed recommendations is issued to the organisation concerned . in 1997 , it produced 101 reports on such areas as law enforcement , licensing and inspection systems , purchasing , tendering and contract administration.Corruption prevention studies are systematically followed up to ensure that their recommendations are implemented and are effective .
my grandfather retired to a banana plantation in his old age and my father took over the reins of the business . he set up a shipping company which took over most of the shipping of tin , sand and bulky cargo on the island . at that time , he even imported scores of Ford trucks from the United States .
most of us use oil in some way , and it is difficult to imagine the modern world without oil . but oil is not easy to find and get out of the earth . men must study the rocks carefully . when they think that the rocks in a certain place may contain oil , a metal tower is bulit .
many do not buy this . well , good luck to them . when they have had enough of banging their heads against the wall - they will become smarter and humbler . for one thing , when the Chinese ask , out of politeness , for &quot; guidance &quot; , they will be less prone to rush into offering advice .
many countries became concerned with the US-led Nato &apos;s recent declaration that human rights are more important thannational sovereignty . what are the differences between Eastern and Western societies in human rights and other values ? on June 28 , Prof Tommy Koh spoke on &quot; Differences inAsian and American values &quot; . the following is the second partof his paper .
let &apos;s take the subject of Chinese as an example and see what challenges the authorities face in their IT quest . at present , 20 per cent of lessons are conducted with the help of computers.In other words , in a period of 10 weeks , a Chinese-language teacher must spend two weeks to teach the subject the high-tech way .
let &apos;s capitalise on our heritage by raising the level of proficiency in the usage of the Chinese langauage . language is an integral part of culture and culture is in turn an important part of the software necessary to secure economic benefits . it certainly makes sense to be proficient in the Chinese language - for cultural or economic reasons .
it is not an easy task to clear the dark clouds from people &apos;s minds . when the government announced details of the Speakers &apos; corner , it emphasised time and again that the authorities would not send anyone to monitor , tape , or make records of the speeches.But the media kept on asking and the people kept on doubting .
in this way , kaisuism helps one to exert oneself further for excellence and success.When applied wrongly , however , kiasuism can become a negative mindset , which tends to stifle imagination and suppress creativity . Kiasu people are likely to shirk work or responsibilities for fear of failure , and adopt a &quot; work less , err less &quot; mentality .
in spite of the many varied opinions expressed , all the participants sympathised with the plight of the Chinese Indonesians , as grief , anger and compassion pervaded the discussions . when a Chinese Indonesian expressed his wish to emigrate , a spate of messages came in , urging him to flee to the Mainland China or Hong Kong or Taiwan .
in England it was the custom , during the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries , for all ladies of fashion to paint their faces and to bracken their eyebrows . in the nineteenth century there was a change of taste , however , and until about the end of the century . ladies who used make-up were not accepted in high society .
in August 1997 , a tour accident in Manila resulted in the deaths of seven Hong Kong tourists . the ACTA subsequently reviewed the safety measures for outbound travellers and made several recommendations to improve safety precautions and emergency handling . the tic has agreed to adopt these recommendations and to draw up detailed directives for implementation within the travel industry .
if we leave them alone and not hold any celebration , their minds might stray and be taken in by doomsday soothsayers and Y2K nuts . there are people who seriously believe that the new millennium is the start of the end of the world , the coming of some kind of saviour , and also , some kind of devil .
hence , the changes to profiles of party candidates being fielded : we now see the inclusion of singles into the candidature and the retirement of MPs to make way for new faces ; leaders who might seem more well-placed to take us into the subsequent years . efforts at wooing an electorate of a changed demographic are clear and explicit .
frequency of bathing today is partly a matter of habit . people know that bathing for cleanliness is important to health . doctors know that dirty bodies increase the chance of diseases . consequently is the United States people generally bathe often . some people bathe once a day at least . they consider a daily bath essential to good health .
for the lucky few , such as Hollywood greats Raquel Welch , 60 , Sophia Loren , 66 , and Robert Redford , 64 , the chemical balance appears just right to help retain their youthful looks . but Rolling Stone Keith Richards , now 58 , may have had too many cholesterol  loaded meals and smoked too many cigarettes .
finally , of course , SAP schools are not the end of a person &apos;s formative experience . they go on to top junior colleges . they go on to National Service . they go on to work and to university and there they will learn to mix and to work together and to relate to Singaporeans whatever the ethnic group .
elaborating language materials is another useful thinking activity . the students can be guided to make a simple sentence more interesting and refinded by expanding it with adjectives and adverbs . this is not only a practice of using the language but also an exercise in thinking . contrasting and grouping words also make the students think in a systematic way .
during the year , the trust sponsored a majority of the Year of Heritage projects jointly organised with the Antiquities Advisory Board and the AMO . a total of $ 2.8 million was successfully raised in one of the commemorative events , gala evening , in July to provide funding support to the Year of Heritage projects and other heritage-related activities .
companies without any security at all on their wireless networks make it risibly easy for hackers to break in . switching on the security that comes with the network technology should be automatic . then there are other basic steps a company can take , says Mr Kruck , such as changign the passwords on the network from the default setting .
but , thankfully , being a kantang with cheenah interests has allowed me to stand apart from the rest . this identity , confused as it has made me at times , has opened my eyes to the subtle condescension I have often let go in the remarks I have made about the people I felt were so different from me .
beyond the basics of special attention to China in your school courses , and any electives you have an opportunity to take in college , I encourage you to try to get to know Chinese people in the United States , and to travel to China if you get the chance , to see for yourselves what is going on there .
armed with impeccable qualifications , talented foreigners who have come to Singapore think that they would be able to put their expertise to good use and move up the social ladder as rapidly as local elites . they are wrong . whenever they speak , they are betrayed by their good command of , but accented , Chinese or English language .
arbitration has been a popular method of dispute resolution in the HKSAR for some time . it is governed by the arbitration ordinance , which has two distinct regimes — a domestic regime derived from English law and an international regime which includes the UNCITRAL Model Law , the model law adopted by the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law .
applications for HKSAR passport may be submitted either by post or in person . persons residing outside Hong Kong should submit their applications to the local Chinese diplomatic or consular mission for onward transmission to the HKSAR for approval and personalisation of passports . Personalised passports will be despatched to the Chinese diplomatic or consular mission for issue to the applicants .
actually , the rudimentary beginnings of a virtual bank appeared in the US in 1995 as the Security First Network Bank , the world &apos;s first Internet bank . although it is a small and insignificant bank , it represents the trend of the future . in time to come , we may even have to forsake the familiar paper currency .
action against illegal immigration is one of the Force &apos;s top priorities.Anticipating a major influx of IIs before and after the transfer of sovereignty , the Force embarked on close and regular liaison with its counterparts in Guangdong Province . apart from setting up an enhanced intelligence exchange network and increased publicity , a large-scaleco-ordinated sea exercise was mounted in May .
a man will judge a woman by the clothes that she wears . dressing provocatively is the absolute worst thing a woman can do on her first date , because it puts her at a disadvantage . initially , the male wants to respect you . but it &apos;s hard for him to respect you if you &apos;re flaunting your body .
a hard-pressed teacher may load the daily teaching programme or the content of courses onto the computer just to chalk up the required time for IT learning and then conduct his lessons the traditional way.Furthermore , he may leave school assignments to his students through the computer before class dismissal in a bid to &quot; fulfil &quot; his IT learning duties .
a bus travels to the edge of the Masaya craters in Nicaragua , an active volcano just 500 meters high.For safety reasons , every traveler should get local information from the local tourism authority before climbing a volcano . the Arenal volcano in northern Costa Rica terrified local inhabitants and tourists in August 2000 when it spouted hot gas and ash .
Mr Estrada deserved to be thrown out for indulging in sex , booze and gambling and failing to govern . but he was forced from power by a second &quot; people power &quot; initiated by some middle- and upper-class people when a Senate impeachment against him was in process . this has cast doubt on the country &apos;s system of democracy .
I spend a lot of time talking about the importance of children reading , and reading well -- not only in school but also at home with caring adults . I want to remind people of all ages how engaging an activity reading really is -- how it motivates and inspires and sparks the imagination in a way that television cannot .
I believe this is the crux of the whole argument . my feeling is that these days , the government is saying one thing and the people are saying another on the issue of foreign talent . we have different definitions of what &quot; foreign talent &quot; is , and this has resulted in the discussions missing the point all along .
I also have acquaintances who insist that their beliefs are the only right ones . it &apos;s a dilemma for me when I have to decide whether to include such people in my social gatherings . there are some who share the same faith but their differences in worshipping style are reasons for not wanting to come close to one another .
Hong Kong has 13 radio channels-seven operated by RTHK , three by Hong Kong Commercial Broadcasting Company Limited ( Commercial Radio ) and three by metro broadcast Corporation Limited ( metro broadcast ) . services operated by the British Forces Broadcasting Services ceased on June 30 , 1997 , when the People &apos;s Republic of China resumed sovereignty over Hong Kong .
Evidences of the success of chemistry are seen everywhere . display counters , department stores , drugstores and other kinds of shops show one kind of success . another kind is derived from the satisfaction of solving difficult problems . indeed , to some chemists , problem solving results in a greater satisfaction than merely producing a new or improved material .
El Salvador has a &quot; road of flowers , &quot; and Nicaragua has a &quot; road of white villages &quot; connecting villages from the colonial period . Honduras is developing a means of connecting the native American communities in the Atlantic coast from the Garifuna , descendents of the Carribean Indians and Africans , to the Miskito Indians in the jungle .
DPM Lee Hsien Loong delivered an off-the-cuff speech in Parliament on March 10 in response to views expressed earlier by MP for Sembawang GRC , Mr K Shanmugam , on racial harmony and cultural elites . he stressed that while building a Singaporean identity , we must at the same time retain the strengths and traditions of the different ethnic groups .
7.Don &apos;t engage in cybersex until after you &apos;ve met and agreed to continue the relationship . you have no idea who or what is tapping away on the keys on the other side of the screen . it could be some guy going through a midlife crists , or some desperado who is the subject of a police sting operation .
6.Consider how important physical attributes are to you . if you work out often and live an active lifestyle , chances are you &apos;re looking for a fit  bodied partner . someone simply because she doesn &apos;t fit within your narrow margins of beauty . but if you &apos;re clear about your body  type needs , reread item 3 .
&quot; we like to think the bronzes were being carried into Brindisi , &quot; says Giuseppe Andreassi , archaeological superintendent of Apulia , who believes that the boat was caught in a storm sometime between the third and sixth centuries A.D. Its bronze cargo may have come from eastern provinces , where Romans collected worn statures from public areas for reuse .
yet , incredibly , some did get an A for the language in their PSLE ! should this trend be allowed to continue , can hardly imagine that the Chinese culture can still be passed down . it can become so deplorable that , in the future , Singapore will have to depend on new Chinese immigrants to do business with China .
when I flip open the Chinese-language newspapers in the hope of keeping abreast with current affairs through the mother tongue , I am often disheartened to find translated geographical , human or product names that read more like tongue-twisters . they slow down reading and make news reports harder to comprehend . it is comparatively easier to obtain information from English-language newpapers .
we understand their call , that we devote what remains of our lives to the use of our country &apos;s unique and painful experience to demonstrate , in practice , that the normal condition for human existence is democracy , justice , peace , non-racism , non-sexism , prosperity for everybody , a healthy environment and equality and solidarity among the peoples .
we see many Singaporeans make a point of vacationing abroad every year for rest and relaxation . yet , fearing to lose out to others , they would rush to cover as many scenic spots as possible within the shortest time and hurry around shopping for the best bargain.What a sad existence for those obsessed by such an urge to push forward !
we only need to look around us to realise what the actual situation is . take the American Chinese for example . many of them possess a high standard of English , but may note able to speak a word of Chinese . so although the Chinese-language foundation of these American Chinese is weak , their standard of English is very high .
two of them are nearer while the other six are farther from the sun than the earth is . the farther they are , the longer trips they make around the sun . people noticed long ago that these travelling bodies moved around in the sky in definite paths . it is a force called gravity that holds them in their paths .
this kind of decision-making is the real revolution in the networked world . it &apos;s not just about technology . because when banks , schools and airlines use the Net to allow people to execute transactions , they have to make fundamental changes in the way they currently do things . the incentives are powerful . let me just list a few .
this is a day when all Americans from every walk of life unite in our resolve for justice and peace . America has stood down enemies before , and we will do so this time . none of us will ever forget this day , yet we go forward to defend freedom and all that is good and just in our world .
these are the wonders of ages past . but today I want to talk to you -- the young people of a great university -- about the future , about our future together , and how we can transform human life on this planet if we bring as much wisdom and curiosity to each other as we bring to our scholarly pursuits .
there is another kind of engine which we call the jet engine . an English engineer invented the jet engine . in May 1941 his new engine was fixed in an aircraft , and the aircraft flew quite well . at the same time the Germans were also building a jet engine ; but neither country told the other , of course .
there are many in Kabul who say the Taleban have already handed the treasure to Osama bin Laden . Robert Kluyver , of the Society for the Preservation of Afghanistan &apos;s Cultural Heritage , was told recently that bin Laden had arranged for it to be smuggled across the mountains to Pakistan in March where dealers awaited his orders to sell it .
their triumphs also proved the importance of having capable candidates . they are both considered competent by voters and they had also proven themselves capable of delivering . in spite of the lure of upgrading , voters chose to give the two opposition MPs a fair chance . this showed that they were not only rational but were also &quot; loyal &quot; .
the two most common food Allergies which can cause this are an allergy to dairy produce and an allergy to wheat . it is worth having an allergy test . slow hair growth often means you are not giving your hair enough nutrients . if you are not washing your hair enough , greasiness can cuase a scalling problem which affects growth .
the speed of sound in air at ordinary temperatures is about 1 , 100 feet per second , which is about one mile in five seconds or about 700 miles per hour . the speed of sound increases slightly with a rise in temperature and falls with a decrease in temperature . it is not affected by the pressure of the air .
the second important use of color theories is that they provide a means of manipulating colors in a scientific manner . one of the simplest color themories ( but the least accurate ) is based on three primary colors -- red , yellow , and blue . under this theory , mixing any two of the primary colors produces a secondary color .
the right-wingers in Japan are attempting to gloss over the country &apos;s ugly past with revised secondary textbook . worse still , the Japanese government has ignored strong opposition and condemnation from its Asian neighbours and given the textbook the green light . it is clear that the Japanese have always have courage - what they lack is a sense of righteousness .
the recent quarrels in the artistic circles will put both sides to the test . if the government could use its authority more appropriately and show more tolerance towards the artists , this should be conducive to the overall environment . as for the performing artists , we would like to see them display more wits and strategies in achieving their aims .
the recent US corporate corruption scandal involving several major blue-chip companies and a world famous accounting conglomerate came as a shock not only to the Americans , but also to those foreigners who admire the much-acclaimed American management system.This scandal is all the more alarming because the companies implicated were mostly trusted household names and the perpetrators were their highest level executives .
the reality is more complex . Singapore and Australia are both members of the Commonwealth , we are trading partners and we enjoy good ties . besides , Australia is one of the favourite holiday destinations of Singaporeans and quite a number of Singaporeans have settled there . we should not take signs of racism rearing its ugly head there again lightly .
the public do not hesitate to give feedback while journalists continue to strive to do better and remain open to criticisms . yet , even as we do so , we must ask ourselves : are the viewpoints of someone or a group representative of the wishes of the majority ? more important , are they in the interests of the nation ?
the issue concerning foreign talent has been debated in Parliament and among ordinary people . the government is always reminding us to view positively the measures to attract foreign talent into Singapore . however , some Singaporeans remain worried . many people are concerned about whether during the economic downturn , foreign talent would pose a threat to their own rice bowls .
the help I &apos;ve been able to give ex-convicts is no crusade . but a crusade I do have is this : I &apos;d like to see many more employers realize it is not beneath their dignity to help those who have transgressed . rehabilitation of a man is accomplished on the outside , not on the inside of a prison wall .
the government has put a lot of effort into meeting the challenges of Hong Kong &apos;s older urban areas . these areas consist of dense housing mixed with commerce and industry and an infrastructure that falls short of modern standards . incompatible land uses stand cheek by jowl , air and water pollution abound , noise and waste disposal problems are common .
the detective Training School has restructured many of its courses and will run additional courses to provide the knowledge and skills needed for the investigation of serious crime , vice , gambling and dangerous drugs.Officers undergoing the annual revolver continuation training and qualification courses are improving their standards with the aim of maintaining a 75 per cent target hit rate by 1999 .
the correctional Services Department ( CSD ) administers a wide range of services for adult and young offenders , drug addicts and offenders with psychiatric problems . the services fall broadly under two programme areas - prison management and re-integration into society . the CSD also manages detention centres for Vietnamese migrants ( VMs ) and Vietnamese illegal immigrants ( VIIs ) .
the anger expressed by Chinese community leaders is a clear sign that the community can no longer be bullied like it used to . during the &quot; New Order &quot; era , any Chinese Indonesian who spoke Mandarin openly in Jakarta would be viewed with hostility . in more serious cases , a jail term might well be the price to pay .
the Police dog Unit , which was provided with purpose-built training facilities , trains general-purpose patrol dogs and dogs for different aspects of search work . apart from foot patrols , Police dogs joined mobile patrol teams to enable a speedy response to any incident . patrol dogs were involved in the arrests of 1 073 persons in 618 cases in 1997 .
the MCA has been accused of lacking real power and being ineffective in fighting for the interests of the Chinese . the Democratic Action Party has not been able to change the political reality either . this leaves the Chinese community with only the more independent Chinese newspapers , which they trust and rely on , to speak out for the Chinese .
the Hong Kong &apos; 97 stamp exhibition held from February 12 to 16 attracted some 260000 visitors . two definitive stamp sheet lets and other philatelic products were issued to commemorate the exhibition . Hongkong Post also participated in seven international stamp exhibitions overseas to promote the collection of Hong Kong stamps and to raise the international awareness of Hong Kong stamps .
the EPD is responsible for pollution control and environmental management . its tasks include : providing advice on policy ; implementing programmes ; environmental planning and assessment ; enforcing and reviewing the effectiveness of all environmental legislation ; planning and developing facilities for liquid and solid waste disposal ; and promoting the concept and practice of environmental audit and environmental management systems .
the Chief Executive visited Brussels in October to brief senior officials ofThe European Union and the Belgian government on the latest developments in Hong Kong . Mr Tung was met by , among others , the President of the European Commission , Mr Jacques Santer , the members of the European Parliament and the Prime Minister of Belgium , Mr Jean-Luc Dehaene .
such examples furnish us with the various &quot; 同 &quot; ( identification ) of being Chinese . how do we handle the question of the one and the many then ? let me borrow from Professor tu Weiming of Harvard University his term , &quot; cultural China &quot; , to include all of the shores washed by the tide of Chinese culture .
soon after the Kai Xue ( open schooling ) ceremony , Mama brought me to a ground-floor flat in Seng Poh Road just a street away . you must not tell anyone , I was told , because the Japanese would not like it . so my first schooling was in Mandarin , in a clandestine class run by a married couple .
ships , whether large or small , are often at the mercy of the winds and the waves . the large ones can usually ride out the biggest storms , but smaller ones may have to take avoiding action to prevent loss or damage . the weather services help by warning of the coming of strong winds and by predicting their movement .
renowned writer and thinker Lu Xun had described the situation in China during his time as &quot; being on the threshold of entering into a great era , but this does not necessarily mean a new lease of life , it could also spell doom . &quot; this , I find , is an observation that is equally valid for present China .
on cross-strait ties , the majority of Taiwanese favour maintaining the status quo . those who are for either an immediate reunification or declaration of Taiwan as an independent state , are both in the minority . most Taiwanese are not completely negative about the mainland - it is the one-party dominance of the Chinese Communist Party that gives them the jitters .
of all the regions of the non-Western world , only East Asia has the potential to achieve parity with the West . by 1995 , the ten major economies of East Asia were , collectively , as large as the United States ( 25 % of the world economy ) and only slightly smaller than the European Union ( 29 % ) .
nearly all energy comes from the sun , either in a roundabout way or straight from it , in the form of heat rays and light rays . the light from the moon , too , comes from the sun . the moon can be said to be like a large mirror which throws back the sun &apos;s light to the earth .
most Japanese whom we come into contact with would also leave us with a good impression - they are usually well-mannered and courteous . people who have been to Japan would have found them rather rule-abiding at public places . commuters at Tokyo subway stations who are packed like sardines remain orderly - putting unruly passengers in many Asian cities to shame .
men first went up into the air in balloons . these are big bags , and they are filled with gas . hydrogen is a useful gas for balloons . it is lighter than air . helium is also lighter than air , but it costs a lot of money . so balloons were ( and are ) usually filled with hydrogen .
ladies and gentlemen : as well as being members of the international community , China and South Africa also relate to one another as countries of Africa and Asia , as continents whose ancient civilizations and ties of trade and commerce were disrupted when the destinies of our continents and their peoples were subordinated to the interests of more powerful colonial forces .
its adherents find its commonsensible approach to daily living an effective counterweight to materialism , and helps them to reduce the intrusion of technology into their lives . with its emphasis on achieving balance and harmony and peace and tranquility at home and at work , this time-honoured art relaxes their minds and helps them overcome stresses and strains of modern living .
it was also found in using the method being considered , that it was in fact possible to concentrate the activity by chemical methods . we found that pitchblende contains at least two radioactive materials , one of which , accompanying bismuth , has been given the name polonium , while the other , paired with barium , has been called radium .
it is probably a good thing that sound can not travel through a vacuum , for we are thus limited to earth-made sounds . the violent disturbances which are seen occasionally in the sun for example , may effect our magnetism and ridio , they do not affect our ears , which is a very good thing for our peace of mind .
information about the terrain is contained in 55 maps and 12 reports of the Geotechnical Area Studies Programme . a description of the onshore and offshore geology can be found in a series of 15 geological maps published at a scale of 1 : 20 000 and six memoirs produced by the Hong Kong Geological Survey Section of the Geotechnical Engineering Office .
in the second stage , the Government has introduced a series of bills that makes the necessary textual amendments to ordinances . as at October 2001 , 51 ordinances have been enacted to deal with the necessary textual amendments to 514 ordinances . the ordinances that have not yet been adapted require further deliberations on both the legal and policy issues involved .
in the Taiwanese elections early this month , President Chen Shui-bian &apos;s Democratic Progressive Party ( DPP ) became the biggest party in parliament for the first time . the party claimed that it would form a coalition with the Taiwan Solidarity Union ( TSU ) , which is led by former President Lee Teng-hui , to establish a stable parliamentary majority .
in 1997 , the Police Force secured 66 per cent of the Civil Service Special Housing quota for disciplined Services to facilitate junior Police Officers who were approaching retirement to acquire public housing . alternative housing assistance provided for eligible Police officers included the Civil Service Home Financing Scheme , Home Purchase Scheme , Housing Loan Scheme and the accommodation allowance Scheme .
if we have a large enough ambition to serve an entire community ourselves instead of looking to the government for answers , would not ours be a better place ? if we enlarge our thinking and invite a wider circle to contribute to the vision of a better Singapore , is it not better than complaining about long queues and less savings ?
his remarks saddened Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong who , in his National Day Rally speech , said this young man should grow up quickly . he and others of his generation should wake up to the very real challenge posed by China - that &quot; 800-pound trading gorilla &quot; which is , to say the least , &quot; very hungry &quot; .
frequent exchanges between the two peoples make no news any longer . when a joint statement was issued recently by the two governments to mark the 10th anniversary of the establishment of their diplomatic ties and to map out an all-round cooperation , it turned out to be a non-event without raising any controversies , despite the far-reaching significance of the statement .
for this purpose , many archaic words have re-surfaced and even new words created . the commonest method is to add one or more of the five elements of water , fire , earth , wood , and metal to one &apos;s name . this practice , which has been criticised by linguists and intellectuals in China , is gaining popularity here .
for long , we have cared little how outsiders look upon us . we hardly care whether they praise or criticise us . anyway , the continuous influx of foreign capital has proved that political stability is what investors care most . to our government , while freedom and democracy sound pleasant , their pros and cons are still open to question .
excluding those attached to the overseas offices , more than 30 information units operate in government departments and bureaux . they work closely with ISD headquarters on information , public relations and publicity aspects of the work of departments or bureaux . these units play a major role in maintaining the flow of information and helping to improve relations with the public .
civilization as it is known today could not have evolved , nor can it survive , without an adequate food supply . yet food is something that is taken for granted by most world leaders despite the fact that more than half of the population of the world is hungry . man seems to insist on ignoring the lessons available from history .
before Raffles came to Singapore , we belonged to the Johor sultanate . is this not part of our early history ? and prior to Singapura , there was the Temasek period . if we do not acknowledge this , many schools and even the highest presidential award that carry the name Temasek will need to have it replaced with something else .
because of the impact and evolution of these trends and phenomena , a &quot; World Religion &quot; may appear in the next century , amalgamating the major religions of today &apos;s world.Tricycle , a magazine in the United States , is advocating this view . Judaism , Christianity and Buddhism would form the core , but other religions would not be excluded .
a price decline does not in itself make a good value . if a rebate offer lets you get a ＄ 33,000 sedan for only ＄ 30,000 , you &apos;ve got yourself a good deal . but discounted stocks aren &apos;t necessarily a bargain . nor does the fact that they were higher before make them particularly likely to go up now .
a Chinese who has been &quot; given face &quot; feels that he or she has received a favour . in turn , he or she has to reciprocate the favour so that the other party will not lose face . if all goes well , the mediator in essence has started a virtuous cycle of &quot; giving face &quot; and reciprocating favours .
In-service training was provided to 8 739 fire and 394 ambulance personnel , while 26 officers were selected to attend various oversea straining programmes in the UK , USA , Canada and China . the department recruited and appointed 38 Station Officers , 10 Ambulance Officers , 22Senior firemen and Firewomen ( Control ) , 295 firemen and 158Ambulancemen during the year .
I remember some great conversations , the kind I haven &apos;t had with the young people here for a long time . about the status of China on the world stage today when this is placed in historical context . about China &apos;s own Internet icons ( like Charles Zhang ) and how they &apos;re shaping the way young people define themselves .
I had pictured a week of idyllic bliss with the boys , wrestling on the living room floor , walking around the parks , enjoying the freedom from work . that didn &apos;t happen . Jeremy and Sean woke up the next day , Sunday , with colds . Motrin , medicine Cups and medicine droppers filled the kitchen by Sunday night .
Gravitation is a very important force in the universe . every object has a gravitational pull , which is rather like magnetism . but unlike magnetism , gravitation is not found only in iron and steel . it is in every object large or small ; but large objects , such as the earth , have a stronger pull than small ones .
Ford grew , in fact , from a single family and a single great family car . the family was that of Henry Ford , his son , his grandsons , and now his great-grandsons . the Ford family car was the Model T. At one time more than half of the cars on this entire planet were identical Model T Fords .
5 . although offering good renumeration packages is the best way to attract talents , it may not spur them on to become creative . in particular , when people draw top salaries , they can easily become conceited and lose the motivation to undertake bigger risks . thus , a stable and comfortable environment may retard a person &apos;s creative thinking .
( 1 ) the Basic Law ; ( 2 ) national laws listed in Annex III to the Basic Law ; ( 3 ) the laws in force before July 1 , 1997 , that were adopted as laws of the HKSAR by the Standing Committee of the NPC ; and ( 4 ) laws enacted by the legislature of the HKSAR .
yet it has now opened its door to foreign talent and is promoting the idea of a &quot; new Shanghainese &quot; . one is a Shanghainese so long as one works or runs a business there , never mind where one comes from . global capital and talent have flocked there and it now has plenty of dwellers who do not speak Shanghainese .
with a good record for nearly half a century in fulfilling its campaign promises , the PAP has won approval from the people . aware of the circumstances of their country , Singaporeans will emerge from all adversities as a successful people with their homeland developing further into prosperity -- the sweet fruit of efforts by the leaders and the people working together .
while many have gripes about our school system , Jack NEO believes no system is perfect and ours is comparatively less damaging than others . it does care for pupils who do not do well academically . what we should provide these pupils who are assigned to not-so-good classes with is proper counselling - they should never come to regard themselves as useless .
when you look at a book , it sends to your eyes some of the light which falls on it , and you see the book . if light could be kept out from where you are so that there could be no light for the book to reflect , then you couldn &apos;t see the book even with your eyes wide open .
unfortunately , the member of parliament who resorted to the abusive language mentioned earlier , is a member of President Megawati &apos;s Indonesian Democratic Party-Struggle . worse still , his parliamentary colleague who was there to egg him on yelled to the media present to &quot; report it with the headline : Cina are now daring enough to try to colonise Indonesia ! &quot;
today I find myself living in one of the safest cities in the world , Singapore . but the truth is , even here in Singapore , security cannot be taken for granted . it is a small nation that has no natural resources to speak of , even something as basic as water is constantly threatened to be cut off by Malaysia .
through the provision of a new sewerage system , some progress is being made in tackling the problem . greater progress has been made by focusing on pollution sources around beaches where small private sewage treatment facilities often dominate . a combination of effective control and priority provision of new sewerage has reversed a recent declining trend in the water quality at beaches .
three new quarters projects in Wong Tai sin , Ngau Chi wan and Chai wan were completed in mid-1997 . they provided 1237 high-quality quarters , replacing 534 very old junior Police Officers quarters at sites on Hollywood Road and Canton Road . proposals to build 1171 quarters in Tung Chung , Tuen Mun and West Kowloon reclamation are at the planning stage .
this is , of course , easier said than done as the art of effective communication is hard to master . as newcomers to the country , we must become active members of society and develop a good understanding of the local community . unfortunately , many do not subscribe to this view , preferring instead to &quot; mind their own business &quot; .
they should thus be receptive to the views of artists . there are two reasons for this.Firstly , artists are experts in their field . they can tell a good production from a bad one and will not miss out on a gem . the key is to seek expert opinion before the die is cast as what is done cannot be undone .
there is nothing really wrong to go by the book , except that it makes us no different from machines . she is an elderly woman , not an energetic young person . she had the money with her but it was rejected just because the &quot; button &quot; for this mode of payment could not be found on the &quot; machine &quot; .
there are so many things in the world that are so different from one another that the variety is bewildering . yet all these things , different as they seem , have one thing in common . all of them are made up of small particles . even the earth , the moon , the sun , and all stars are no exceptions .
the unfamiliarity with one &apos;s more distant ancestors is by no means peculiar to Singaporeans ; it is also a common problem with the more ancient civilisations in both Europe and Asia , including Mainland China which , since the establishment of the People &apos;s Republic in 1949 , has frowned upon the compilation of genealogy as a legacy of its feudal past .
the site was secured against theft , and a fisherman casting his net nearby was finnly discouraged , though he would not have been the first to haul up statuary . a first-century B.C. votive relief found at the Roman port of Ostia shows fishermen lifting a Greek sculpture of Hercules in their nets -- a scene scholars believe depicts an actual event .
the seven countries of Central American -- Guatemala , Panama , Belize , Honduras , El Salvador , Nicaragua and Costa Rica -- are full of natural beauty and cultural treasures . many of the region &apos;s nature reserves , ancient Maya settlements and colonial cities have been declared world cultural heritage sites by the United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization .
the mountains consist primarily of volcanic rocks , with some of the lower hills formed of granite . low-lying areas tend to be formed of granite or sedimentary rocks . in some places , hill-slope debris forms amantle over the bedrock and alluvium fills some of the valleys . much of the seabed is covered by marine mud with some scattered sand banks .
the library collection continued to grow and now comprises a total of 3.5million books and 247 600 audio visual items , including audio-cassettes , gramophone records , audio compact discs , video compact discs , video-cassettes , CD-ROMs , Compact Disc-Interactive ( CD-I ) and computer programmes . the libraries subscribed to more than 8622 titles of local and overseas newspapers and periodicals .
the government would prefer industry and commerce to recognise the benefits of waste minimisation and pollution prevention , but it is inevitable that laws are necessary . the Water pollution Control ordinance , which started with the first effective water control zone in 1987 , has been gradually extended to cover all Hong Kong waters . all effluent discharges are now under control .
the fine attributes of the Swiss are the prerequisites for any civilised society . as Singapore strives towards a better 21st century , not only must our economic development catch up with the developed nations , we must also not overlook the graciousness and other finer qualities , as epitomised by the Swiss , which are basic tenets of a more civilised society .
the environmental impact of new road projects is carefully examined at the planning stage . where practical , measures such as landscaping , artificial contouring of surrounding hillsides and the installation of noise barriers are considered . consideration is also given to providing air-conditioning units and double-glazing in domestic premises where noise levels cannot be brought within the required standard through other means .
the drug addiction treatment programme aims to detoxify , restore physical health and , through the application of therapeutic and rehabilitative treatment , wean addicts from their dependence on drugs.Assistance is also given to drug addiction treatment centre inmates with post-release employment and accommodation problems . temporary accommodation is available at halfway houses for those in need of such support immediately after release .
the department is implementing an Address transmission System to enhance the accuracy and efficiency of the mobilising of operational resources . the system will transmit the address of an emergency call to stations responding to the call . with the address printed out , the responding crews can attend to the reported address more expeditiously.The system is expected to be commissioned in late-1998 .
the convoy had stopped at a small town . men in other vehicles were there , too . some sort of gathering was taking place in the hotel.The single Predator , now overhead , gave a clear picture of the hotel &apos;s crowded car park and of the fighters -- apparently pacing nervously as they waited for their commanders to finish their metting ,
the color of moneyColors speak a definite language . in the 1970s and &apos; 80s , the late color researcher Carlton Wagner put the same coffee in four different colored canisters . Samplers judged the brew from the yellow can too weak , from the brown can too strong , from the blue can mild and from the red can , ideally rich .
the branch &apos;s Police catering Division continued to monitor canteens in Police formations with emphasis on hygiene and the provision of nutritious and value-for-money food . the division arranged the supply of 10 000 meals to officers on operational duties in the field during the handover ceremony . it also provided catering support for Police officers during the WB / IMF Annual Meetings .
the Immigration Department is authorised to handle matters relating to Chinese nationality of Hong Kong residents , including the processing of declarations of change of nationality in respect of Hong Kong residents who are Chinese citizens holding foreign passports . once their declarations have been accepted , these persons will be treated as foreign nationals in the HKSAR for claiming foreign consular protection .
the Committee on Rules of procedure is responsible for reviewing the Rules of procedure of the Legislative Council and its committees , and proposing to the council such amendments or changes as are considered necessary . the committee consists of 12 members who are appointed by the President of the Legislative Council in accordance with an election procedure determined by the House Committee .
the Chief Executive is the head of the HKSAR . he is also the head of the Government of the HKSAR . he is responsible for implementing the Basic Law , signing bills and budgets passed by the Legislative Council , promulgating laws , making decisions on government policies and issuing executive orders . he is assisted by the Executive Council in policy-making .
the - 500 has the highest denomination of the new euro notes . the Bank of Finland immediately began checking all of its other 500 euro notes -- and uncovered a further 16 flawed ones yesterday . it said the holograms , which should appear in the bottom right hand corner of the note , had not been attached at the printing stage .
statistically , I may be far from reality , but it helps by putting things in perspective . we could take as a reminder that three seconds of what we say and how we behave can wipe out what the volunteer has taken three weeks or more to communicate - that Singaporeans can be something else other than efficient , hardworking but ungracious .
some years back , there was a survey on whether Singapore could possibly rejoin Malaysia . guess what ? there were junior college students who said that Singapore was never a part of Malaysia . merger was a significant milestone in our history and it happened only 30 over years ago , yet quite a number of students did not know about it .
so the difference between a SAP school student and a student who went to Hwa Chong or Chung Cheng or Catholic High School 30 years ago is that they ( now ) speak the same language , use the same textbooks as students who go to SCGS or RGS or any of the other English schools . so the gap is much less .
similarly , organisers of Seventh Moon auctions , generally , have found it easier to draw higher bids for their good luck items when their auctioneers announced them in a dialect . if they were to yell out &quot; wu-jin &quot; instead of &quot; or-kim &quot; ( Fujian for black charcoal ) , most of the older participants would not have an inkling .
shark sightings have been recorded in local waters and shark attacks near Clear Water Bay have caused several deaths since 1991 . to protect swimmers , 21 shark exclusion nets have been erected at popular bathing beaches . these are deployed in such a way as to minimise the possibility of trapping marine lives and serve only to keep bathers and sharks apart .
scientists working with animals have already developed many of the necessary tools . their goal isn &apos;t designer babies ; rather , they want to develop more - efficient means of creating genetically enginerred animals for hiology experiments or agriculture . but as a result of the animal work , says Culver , &quot; the technology is there &quot; for engineering human sperm .
over a half century ago , Chinese revolutionary leader Mao Zedong said that mobilising ordinary people would bring about catastrophic defeats for enemies . how to mobilize people ? in his classic &quot; On protracted War &quot; , he taught the use of word of mouth , pamphlets , wall posters , newspapers , books , theatres , schools , groups and cadres .
one message read : &quot; the Chinese Indonesians who escaped the persecution in the 60s have lived a peaceful though not rich life on Hainan Island for the past decades . as a resident in Hainan , I welcome our suffering compatriots in Indonesia to settle down here . we &apos;ll build the land with our hands and live happily ever after . &quot;
nowadays most aircraft fly high , well above the clouds and weather , but their crews are still vitally interested in landing conditions at their destination , i.e. the cloud base and visibility there . if bad weather is expected the forecaster must be able to suggest another airport within the range of the aircraft where the weather will be suitable for landing .
most people believe that Kia , or fear , is negative . it is no good , defective and ugly . but it is not easy to have clear definitions . what is fear ? as for kiasu , kiasee and kiabo , people can derive many opinions of their own , and perhaps suggest another fear : the fear of the government .
men feel pain , but they handle it in a different way from women.It is true that after divorce they will not lose control of themselves by crying bitterly , but they suffer more from stomach disorders , plunge into alcoholism and cause traffic accidents . another survey found that divorced men can only overcome their emotional pain by means of physical exercise .
it is hoped that in the future , the gap between mankind &apos;s rational ( scientific ) and emotional developments can be bridged or smoothened by religion , thus giving rise to a balanced human society . we all understand that over-development of any forces will result in disaster . religion needs the critique of science to prevent it from becoming overly dominant .
it is clear that high expectations and demands are placed on teachers . forty years ago , teachers were on a pedestal . in a society where few parents had any education , parents brought their children to school and placed their education in the hands of teachers , trusting them to do for their children what they themselves were unable to do .
it &apos;s therefore more important to teach the young of each generation tolerance and respect for other &apos;s viewpoint first than multi-culturalism . they should be taught how , as groups and individuals , to be responsible in bringing about better and harmonious conditions for Singapore . when all of them share this as their main goal , differences can become less worrying .
it &apos;s hard to control fear when a mass hysteria strikes . at one point during the Gulf War , many housewives here ransacked store shelves to stock up basic necessities like rice after hearing rumours that Saddam Hussein might fire missles at us . a friend told me how his mother came home crying when a neighbourhood shop ran out of salt .
in the eyes of industry veterans , Eyah.com still needs time to cobble together the right combinations of content and services . however , Huang can stand up to founders of major Chinese portal sites in the world when it comes to drive and ambition . a local stock analyst remarked : &quot; only twenty some things like Huang have such courage . &quot;
in accordance with the Basic Law , the Election Committee responsible for electing the second term Chief Executive in 2002 is one and the same as the Election Committee that returned six Members to the second term Legislative Council in 2000 . ( for the composition of the Election Committee , see the relevant section under Electoral System for the Legislative Council ) .
in 1984 , the concept of an &quot; information economy &quot; as opposed to &quot; material economy &quot; was proposed in the US . at the same time , Japanese economists proposed that the concept of a &quot; post-industrial society &quot; be replaced by &quot; knowledge value society &quot; . they also questioned the so-called &quot; iron laws &quot; of the market economy .
if you are more comfortable with home ground than British English , look to articulate English speakers here who are qualified to set the bench-mark for Singaporeans — Senior Minister Lee Kuan Yew , Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong and Deputy Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong.We also have good news readers on the radio who speak good international English despite their differing styles .
if we were to lose these elements of language and culture , it would be difficult for our country to maintain its vibrancy , which would in turn make it harder for us to meet the needs of future growth and development . foreign Chinese-language talent can only supplement our needs . we must cultivate local talent ourselves to assume the leadership roles .
he treasure survived until its excavation in 1978 . after that , the country &apos;s former President Najibullah , sealed it in many trunks and hid them in a vault and protected by a steel door bolted shut by seven locks with keys held by seven different people . at least three of the key holders are now dead , Mr Najibullah included .
has PSA succeeded in keeping Hanjin because its new measures have worked ? or has Hanjin been moved by PSA &apos;s sincerity ? what matters most is that PSA has managed to clinch a deal with a key customer . this , hopefully , will have a positive effect and PSA &apos;s more than 20 other big customers will also stick with it .
giving credit is more effective than even the most constructive criticism , which often hurts rather than helps . Kenneth Blanchard , coauthor of The One  minute manager , agrees . &quot; catch people doing something right ! &quot; he says . then tell everone about it . the loyalty you will generate is arguably the most important currency a leader has .
given the status of English as the language for the inter-ethnic communication , as the language of government , of law , of higher education , it will remain indisputably the dominant language in multiracial Singapore . it would be unrealistic to expect Chinese to ever be really &quot; on par with the English language &quot; in all &quot; high language &quot; domains .
functionally , directors may be cate-gorised either as an executive director or a non-executive director . basically , exe-cutive directors are those directors con-cerned with the actual management of the company . ordinarily , the Articles of Association of the company will confer upon them wide management powers . it is usual for executive directors to enter into service contracts with the company .
for the past decade , students have been required to takecourses in their mother tongues . Chinese is mandatory for ethnic Chinese pupils , and they must sit for exams in the subject . primary pupils who do badly in the language cannot expect to enter the reputable secondary schools of their parents &apos; choice even though they do well in other subjects .
for a long , long time , the Chinese literati have aspired to bring home the Nobel Prize . this is to be expected . but they have not been successful to date . does this mean that there is no talent in China ? not necessarily . you need not be a prize winner in order to be regarded as a talent .
every morning , I wake up certain that the invincible fighter jets from the Republic of Singapore Air Force will guard the skies overhead in this place I call home . or so the television ad tells me . I walk the streets assured that no car parked next to the curb will suddenly blow up . or so I take for granted .
each District Council operates a meet-the-public scheme , under which residents can meet council members face-to-face to express their views on any district problems . the scheme has been well received by the public . it also provides a direct channel to collect public views on local matters and region-wide issues for the District Councils , which then reflect them to the Government .
but more than just an ogle-fest , if I can put it that way , the entrance of the Cabinet ministers in their immaculate shirts and trousers never fails to remind me of one thing that Singaporeans have enjoyed for a while - stability . it is no secret that Singapore owes it all to its uncorrupt leaders for where it is today .
at the same time , yet a new revolutionary way of carrying out fundamental research had found its roots in the Old Continent , then struggling to emerge after the disasters of war to new prosperity , namely , a strong movement of internationalism in scientific cooperation at a time in which such a concept -- so popular today -- was essentially unknown .
at the same time , the scientists implanted another set of electrodes into the brain regions receiving nerve impulses from the right and left set of whiskers . the rats were trained to move to each side depending on which set of whiskers was stimulated . if they did it correctly they were given a &quot; reward &quot; to the media forebrain bundle .
at the end of 1997 , the CSD managed 23 correctional institutions , four halfway houses , a staff training institute , an emergency support group , two custodial wards in public hospitals , and two detention centres for VMs . in all , 7085staff were looking after 11463 inmates , 969 VMs , and 3 758people under supervision after discharge from custody .
after his visit to Brussels in October , Mr Tung went to London where he met the Prime Minister , Mr Tony Blair ; the Foreign Secretary , Mr Robin Cook and the President of the Board of Trade , Mrs Margaret Beckett . he also attended the Hong Kong Trade Development Council Annual Dinner and addressed the Royal Institute of International Affairs .
a ray of light usually travels in a straight line ; but sometimes it bends . the light reaches the film of a camera through the lens . it leaves the air and goes into the glass ; then it bends . the ray also bends when it leaves the glass . light also bends when it reaches the lens of a telescope .
a few months later the brothers sent up another balloon . this time there was a basket hanging underneath it . in the basket there were three animals : a sheep , a duck , and a hen . then the balloon travelled through the air to a place two and a half kilometres away . then it came down safely to earth .
Vitetta cites the case of a 32-year-old woman who developed a life-threatening lymphoma on her newly transplanted kidney . when chemotherapy failed , Vitetta and colleagues treated the woman with a monoclonal carrying a toxic &quot; warhead . &quot; nine years later , &quot; she &apos;s alive and well , &quot; Vitetta says . &quot; and she was months away from death . &quot;
Lien Chan , the ruling party &apos;s presidential candidate in Taiwan , promised to extend the 9-year free education to 12 years and offered special tax rebates to allow the people to pay less to the government &apos;s coffers.Should such vote-seeking promises be honoured , the financial revenue would be slashed and expenditures puffed up 7.4 billion ( S $ 414.4 million ) .
Japan had invaded its many Asian neighbours and its military was notorious for its wartime atrocities . these countries have lagged behind in development for a long time as a result of the suffering brought upon them . still , they are prepared to be forgiving and let bygones be bygones - so long as Japan admits to that part of the history .
I am lucky enough to be reminded of those experiences when I read letters the children of America send to the President and me . a boy named Willie wrote , &quot; I have a great teacher who wants us to read , and we all can read now . we read books , and we even read the newspaper every day . &quot;
Hong Kong is one of the safest cities in the world . the overall crime rate in 1996 was the lowest in the past 15 years and the downward trend continued in 1997 . compared with 1996 , the overall crime rate and violent crime rate dropped by 17.3 percent and 12.4 per cent , respectively , which was the lowest for24 years .
Hong Kong &apos;s public housing programme started with an emergency measure to rehouse some 53000 people made homeless overnight in a squatter fire in 1953 . it has developed into a comprehensive programme which encompasses a wide range of rental and home ownership scheme flats with self-contained facilities . more than half of Hong Kong &apos;s families live in accommodation which they own .
Fourthly , there are no one-day or two-day tour packages among the various tour itineraries offered by the hotels . only individual and specialised tour destinations are offered . visitors on business trips here with one or two free days on their hands would like the tour agencies to provide packaged tours . at present , only foreign tour agencies provide such packages .
young Singaporeans must guard against being lulled into a sense of security by our stable and comfortable life and become unwilling to &quot; change &quot; . this may lead to complacency and even arrogance . the latter spells danger and may signal the beginning of a crisis.No country will remain prosperous forever.We would do well to remind ourselves that change is the only constant .
yet , there are important differences . let me give you some examples . Yusheng （ 鱼生 ） or raw fish is a must-eat &quot; good luck &quot; dish during Chinese New Year in Singapore but not in China , Taiwan or Hong Kong . most Chinese in China , Hong Kong and Taiwan drink tea while many Singaporean Chinese go for coffee instead .
with such a variety of factors , it is no wonder that scientists don &apos;t fully understand the natural history of the disease . even so , they have made remarkable progress , notably with drugs such as inhaled steroids . these and other new treatments , if used regularly by all asthmatics , could for the most part prevent deaths from the disease .
while the political dust of the 1999 general election has settled , there has been no lack of controversies in Malaysian politics . though Chinese voters are generally credited with the National Front &apos;s ( NF ) defeat of the serious challenge by the opposition alliance , the Chinese community in Malaysia has not benefited from the NF &apos;s continued two-thirds majority in Parliament .
when the soil is dry , the wind blows it away . some of the humus is lost ; and if this continues the land will soon look like a desert . farmers ought to prevent this . they can grow trees near their fields . these will stop the force of the wind , and then it can not blow the humus away .
what has led to the plight of the Chinese language ? there has been no shortage of insightful analyses in the press . whether the relevant authorities have the will and farsightedness to study the problem in-depth is a matter of concern . how can the situation be reversed ? we have yet to see any effective measures or strategies to turn the tide .
what can teaching thinking do with teaching of Chinese language ? there are two possibilities . Firstly , teaching Chinese is the means and teaching thinking is the end ; we teach the students Chinese and use it as a tool for thinking . secondly , teaching Chinese is the end and teaching thinking is the means ; we teach Chinese through teaching thinking .
we should remember that most of the world speaks neither English nor Chinese as a native language . let us nurture a group of Singaporeans fluent in other languages , and capable of acting as our communicators with the rest of the world . what better way to encourage third-language competence than to make it a trade-off for alleviating the pressure to study Chinese ?
we did not start off with a homogenous society . we are not a homogenous society . in fact , our starting point was schools which were very substantially differentiated and segregated , because many of the Chinese were in Chinese schools , many of the Malay children were in Malay schools , and the English schools catered to a minority of the population .
we are well aware of how the standard of Chinese has fallen over the years . the trend of the times required many to change their mindsets and pick up English for survival . people have long accepted the importance of the English language . the concern is with the mentality of those who feel that the present standard of Chinese is good enough .
to help officers at all levels carry out the broad range of police functions as efficiently , effectively and economically as possible , training focused on developing their knowledge , skills and confidence . considerable emphasis is being placed on developing a more customer-oriented training philosophy and on cultivating a strong learning ethos in which officers can fully develop and enhance their professional abilities .
to a large extent , how competent Chinese here are in the Chinese language depends on government policy on it . this has led indirectly to the notion that it is the government &apos;s responsibility to promote the Chinese language . for obvious political and other practical reasons , the government , however , cannot assume too active a role . this is understandable .
there have been suggestions that hanyu pinyin can help students learn spoken Chinese with ease . in my opinion , this remains a desired outcome , rather than an actual outcome . Hanyu pinyin goes hand in hand with Chinese characters . it is a tool for learning the Chinese language , not a means to enhance one &apos;s ability to speak the language .
there are many ways to learn about a foreign country . at a minimum , I urge you to pay special attention to the history of China , its geography , geology , political and economic system , ecology , culture , ( ethnicity , different ethnic groups — what we call &quot; minorities &quot; ) religious groups and beliefs , architecture and archeology .
their training includes guiding the parties sequentially through their tasks , keeping parties attuned to the ground rules and focused on reaching an agreement.The mediators are seen as a resource person for the parties , someone knowledgeable and skilled in a process for resolving conflicts.They are trained not to offer solutions , opinion any other type of advice , and to remain impartial facilitators .
the third factor is new opportunities . with globalisation going on and the Internet spreading far and fast , opportunities are springing up for investment , merger , strategic alliance , and other things.They present new challenges as well as new opportunities to individuals and companies . for them , the only reliable way to remain fore-runners is by keeping on absorbintg new knowledge .
the reality : bonds between the different races here exist . another reality : fault lines exist too . these realities create a dilemma for the Government . while the Government aspires for a more integrated Singaporean Singapore , it also realises that attempts to bring communities together quicker than they are ready to will only generate resentment , resistance and further entrench divisions .
the material which makes plants green ( chlorophyll ) is necessary if they are to use energy from light for healthy growth . unlike animals , plants can take what they need straight from the air and earth and water in which they live . through their green leaves and stems they separate h from H2O and unite it with CO2 to make carbohydrates .
the government &apos;s overseas public relations efforts are concentrated on Hong Kong &apos;s major business partners in North America , Europe and the Asia-Pacific region . this work is carried out through the Hong Kong Economic and Trade offices ( HKETOs ) in London , Brussels , Washington , DC , New York , San Francisco , Toronto , Tokyo , Sydney and Singapore .
the establishment subcommittee examines and makes recommendations to the Finance Committee on the Government &apos;s proposals for the creation , redeployment and deletion of directorate posts , and for changes to the structure of grades and ranks in the Civil Service . during the 2000-2001 session , the subcommittee held 10 meetings and examined a total of 43 proposals put forward by the Administration .
the council decided in December 1992 to set up the Hong Kong Film archive at an estimated cost of $ 198 million . the archive building , at Sai wan Ho , is scheduled to be completed in late 1999 . Hong Kong is the third-largest film production centre in the world , and the archive will preserve Hong Kong &apos;s rich film heritage .
the Police and the Hong Kong General Chamber of Commerce jointly administer the Good Citizen Award and the Good Citizen of the Year Award schemes . these were introduced in 1972 and 1984 respectively and continue to be effective vehicles for gaining and recognising public support in the fight against crime . the schemes have given recognition to a total of 2653 public-spirited citizens .
the May riots this year was the worst calamity to have befallen the Chinese Indonesians in recent memory . after the looting , burning and rapes , most of the Chinese , the mainstay of the national economy , fled the country . foreign investors are also turning their backs . as a result , the Indonesian people are sinking deeper into dire circumstances .
the ICAC received 3057 reports alleging corruption ( excluding election-related reports ) in 1997 . of these , 1288 reports were made against civil servants , a decrease of 1 per cent compared with 1996.There were 1571 reports concerning the private sector , a decrease of 5 per cent , and 198 reports against employees of public bodies , compared with 131 in 1996 .
the HKETO in London opened in July to replace the Hong Kong Government Office and the new office of the HKETO in Washington , DC , was formally opened by Chief Executive during his visit to the United States in September . the Geneva office moved into its own office building at the end of 1997 and its official opening is planned for 1998 .
the Chinese-language China.com , one of the high-fliers on the Nasdaq , is a well-known Internet stock in Australia . the Australian , an influential newspaper in the country , commented that in e-commerce , the government-backed China.com has a significant advantage because it is in Chinese language and China has banned foreigners from providing Internet services in the world &apos;s most populous country .
that reminds me of Honolulu , capital of Hawaii , an American city where cultures of East and West converge . people there celebrate numerous festivals , adding to the holiday mood of the island from time to time.Now , since Singapore enjoys a living standard comparable to that of the US , it ought to have done better than make people feel lonely .
sure , money can buy the artworks of late master painters such as Xu Beihong , Qi Baishi and Li Keran , but can you use it to &quot; clone &quot; Xu Beihong , Qi Baishi or Li Keran ? and if you neither appreciate nor treasure Xu Beihong &apos;s famous paintings of horses , you might as well buy some real horses instead .
some things in life cannot be changed . if you are born with black eyes , black hair and yellow skin , you belong to the yellow race . and if you have a Chinese surname , that makes you a Chinese . you can have whatever makeovers you can imagine , but in the eyes of other people , you remain a Chinese .
some of the most common forms of social misbehaviour include leaving hand phones or pagers on which disrupts the proceedings , unpunctuality , latecomers defying instructions not to go to their seats until a natural break , walking in and out of the venue indiscriminately , talking instead of listening and making a beeline for the door even before the performers take their bows .
she said : &quot; most of them have been looking for jobs for several months . some of them are even prepared to accept half of what they used to earn because they understand that , without any job , they would have no income . even if they had some savings , these would be depleted in a few months &apos; time . &quot;
recent rescue excavations at Pak Mong on Lantau Island , on Kau Sai Chau Island and Tung wan Tsai on Ma wan Island all yielded considerable quantities of Han Dynasty finds in well-stratified sequences , which included pottery vessels of various kinds and iron implements . they provide important clues to understanding the daily life and activities of the local people of that period .
producing fuels to power the world &apos;s engines and purifying these fuels from their raw sources ; the growth of wood or the production of plastics , metals , and all other building materials ; growing wool , cotton , and silk ; or making nylon and thousands of other new substances -- these , too , are parts of the world of chemistry .
other celebration events included a three-day &apos; Hong Kong weekend &apos; in London which featured a series of cultural and trade events , culminating in the live broadcast of the handover ceremony in Hong Kong on June 30 . a business seminar in Osaka , Japan , in mid-July promoted Hong Kong &apos;s role as a leading business centre in the Asia Pacific Region .
one must see the need for Chinese names in order to appreciate the meaning of this saying &quot; A single word is worth a thousand pieces of gold &quot; . the same goes for translation . while a simple and straightforward translation is easy to understand , an idiomatic paraphrasing is more able to bring out the beauty and essence of the Chinese language .
officers detected a total of 3 083 forged travel documents during the year , compared with 3 192 in 1996 . strict measures were taken to guard against the use of forged travel documents by travellers , as well as illegal immigrants . frequent contacts with local and overseas law enforcement agencies and consulates were maintained . special operations were mounted against forgery syndicates .
nobody knew precisely who they would kill if the order to attack the hotel was given , but intelligence analysts felt certain that senior Al - Qaeda officials were meeting in the hotel to consider their next moves as the Taliban regime was collapsing all over the country . ? finally , the order was given in Florida for the target to be engaged .
nine years later , the Internet has bestowed Indonesian Chinese far greater power when they used it to amass international support and condemn domestic politics . the widespread use of the Internet has provided a fast , efficient and almost no-cost means of communication to mobilise Huaren , while the numerous online forums have made it easy for them to reach the public quickly .
new legislative provision to phase out the use of noisy percussive hammers ( including diesel , steam and pneumatic hammers ) in built-up areas was in place for implementation in early 1998 . a consultancy study is under way to assess the technical feasibility of installing noise barriers and enclosures on existing roads for formulating necessary strategies and plans to mitigate excessive traffic noise .
my view is that Singaporeans should be proficient both in the English language and their mother tongue , whether it is Chinese , Malay or Tamil . English is our working language , while Chinese , Malay , or Tamil each plays an important role of preserving the cultural heritage of the different races . and after all , we are a multi-lingual society .
lacking in synergistic partners in the political landscape , it is important then that the incumbent party should look towards bettering of the self so as to not appear complacent with the guarantee of continued return to power . if something could disenchant voters , it would be the image of a political leader who is relying on an omnipotent image to woo votes .
it is one thing for foreign talent to like , accept and identify with Singapore . but whether Singapore can reciprocate is another matter altogether . it takes guts for foreigners to come here to carve a niche for themselves . but it will take even greater courage for the Singapore government to convince Singaporeans to welcome and accept them with an open mind .
information technology plays an important part in the department &apos;s administrative and investigative functions . three major computer systems were implemented during the year . a system for air cargo clearance at the new airport at Chek lap Kok is under development . the system will be linked with air cargo operators for the transmission of cargo data and Customs clearance and restraint codes .
in the first week after the terrorist attacks , Americans were rather united in their determination to hit back at terrorists.But as the decision to strike drags on , anti-war voices begin to grow louder . it is also inevitable that countries in the world will have different views on the military response to be taken . terrorists must be delighted at these developments .
in the factory there are high-tech laboratories with technicians testing the herbs and their composition and trying to improve their qualities . Tea of different brands are packaged in well-designed sachets . it is obvious that the management has put in much effort to expand their business . it is now actively looking for opportunities to export the products to the South-East Asian markets .
in October , the Chief Executive visited Japan as a guest of the Minister for Foreign Affairs , Mr Keizo Obuchi . besides Mr Obuchi , Mr Tung met the Prime Minister , Mr Ryutaro Hashimoto ; the Minister of Finance , Mr Hiroshi Mitsuzuka ; the Minister of International Trade and Industry , Mr Mitsuo Horiuchi , political leaders and leading Japanese businessmen .
in November 1998 , the Asia-Europe Foundation co-organised a colloquium on Human Rights and Human responsibilities , with the German newspaper , Die Zeit , in Hamburg . the colloquium agreed that the Universal Declaration of Human Rights has helped to make the world a more humane place . however , there were two disagreements among some Asian and European participants at the colloquium .
however , talk in the coffee shops is of the view that the culture of silence in our society is a side effect from years of having a stern political system.For 30 years , Singapore has been widely seen by both foreigners and locals to be a country where the climate for opinion is sterile , and a society peopled by a pliant population .
from the standpoint of the US , on which any &quot; Taiwan Independence &quot; must depend , Chen &apos;s timing is also wrong . heading the US &apos; list of priorities is the War Against Terror , followed by the economy and critical financial problems , which have eliminated at least for the time being any interest in a second front in Western Pacific .
for the moment , though , I might add that there is a resonance of this characterisation with my earlier talk on &quot; he &quot; ( 和 ) and &quot; tong &quot; ( 同 ) ( harmony and identification ) : his &quot; cultural China &quot; would be the &quot; he &quot; , and the many Chinese truisms would be the &quot; tong &quot; .
for example , since the government has decided to allow movies with controversial or sexual content to be screened in cinemas , why is it that these films which are already classified as restricted still need to be censored ? after more than 30 years of development , I believe most adults are able to decide for themselves the difference between art and pornography .
footnote : on April 17 , 2002 , the Chief Executive announced the principal elements of the Accountability System in an address to the Legislative Council . on May 30 , 2002 , the Legislative Council passed a motion to support the introduction of the System . this article is an edited version of the speech delivered by Mr Tung on April 17 , 2002
even if we can grasp the facts and arguments of the Chinese-language articles , we often have to switch back to English when we discuss them with classmates and friends of other races . if we are accustomed to thinking in Chinese , this would mean we have to go through an additional process of mental translation which will impede spontaneous exchange and debate .
during the year , international sports events such as the 13th World Taekwondo Championship and 6th Women &apos;s World Taekwondo championships , the 5th Chinese Chess World Championship , International Table tennis Federation Pro-Tour Grand finals &apos; 97 and &apos; 97 FESPIC Table tennis championships for the disabled were held to reinforce Hong Kong &apos;s image as one of the world &apos;s event capitals .
during the year , eight of the 10 ACP projects were substantially complete ahead of schedule and below budget . principally as a result of rigorous cost control efforts , the ACP budget has been reduced three times by a total of $ 8.4 billion , from the original budget of $ 163.7 billion projected in1992-93 to the present estimate of $ 155.3 billion .
but the point is that , in Singapore , the media sector is not mere business . it has a mission to perform for the good of society . the step-by-step opening-up of the field is not meant to introduce chaotic contest among the operators . instead , it aims to keep Singapore ever-adjusted to the global IT developments and well-poised for further advances .
but if you study the animal life in any part of the world , you will find that the chief use of colouring is protection . lions , tigers and other beasts move quietly through great masses of jungle . they are often invisible to the eyes . the stripes of the tiger look much like the long , reedlike stalks of the jungle .
but care does need to be taken , as while Luxembourg and Dublin have well-defined regulation and pro-active regulators , many other of the offshore havens , where funds can be established , attract the unscrupulous , and thus dangers exist . to avoid getting caught by perpetrators of fraud , the prospective investor should abide by a number of maxims , such as :
birth to 2 : babies learn early that touching their bodies and sex organs feels good . they should be allowed to do this . if parents try to stop them , they &apos;ll do it anyway , but will feel guilty about it . and babies will learn not to trust their parents later in life when they &apos;re seeking guidance about sexuality .
be that as it may , one cannot but admire the US for the resolute and fearless way in which its Government and the courts tackle this wave of accounting frauds , and not sweep them under the carpet . moreover , as an established democracy , its powerful media and strong pressure groups will ensure that justice would be seen to be done .
battling corruption is a long-term process which must not only be openly supported from the top , but one in which attitudes and conduct must be taught and reinforced at all levels . fighting corruption ultimately depends on values － values of the political leadership , values of the public service and , as an ultimate check , values of society as a whole .
as has been the case with the existing container port , all the new terminals will be built and operated by private enterprise.Hong Kong is the only major port in the world not run by a port authority . this system has worked well to make Hong Kong not only the busiest , but also one of the most efficient ports in the world .
as a young nation where the family concept is deeply ingrained , Singapore is well placed to be a heritage-conscious country if we set our minds to it . it is an effective and fun way to strengthen family cohesiveness as the compilation and upkeep of genealogy requires the on-going team work of all members of the extended family , and their future descendants .
as I look ahead to the 21st century -- to your century -- I also see one world . but the one world I see is not a world without differences between nations . rather , it is one in which we all recognize that we have profound differences and that we must learn to live with our differences rather than dying over them .
art is innovation at its most basic level . art is conception and inspiration . most importantly , art is about discovery , not mistakes . in a world where we concentrate on what is right and wrong , what is correct and incorrect , the world of art is a place where judgment is suspended and great discoveries are made because of it .
apart from the screening of films , several fringe activities were held , including exhibitions , conferences and outdoor film shows . the topic of the Hong Kong cinema retrospective this year was Fifty Years of Electric shadows introducing the development of Hong Kong movies . a large-scale conference involving both local and overseas film makers and scholars was also organised under this theme .
after the tragic fires at the Garley Building and a karaoke establishment inTsim sha Tsui , new legislation was planned to improve fire safetymeasures in old commercial buildings and karaoke establishments . Beforeit is enacted , the department will step up inspections and conduct surveysto different types of buildings , with a view to ensuring that fire safetystandards in these buildings are properly maintained .
after the Director of audit &apos;s report has been submitted to the President of the Legislative Council and laid before the council , it is considered by the Public Accounts Committee . in 2001 , the Director submitted three reports : one on the audit certification of the Government &apos;s accounts for the preceding financial year and two on the results of value-for-money audits .
a third component of the strategy would attack global warming itself . human activities that contribute to the heating or that exacerbate its effects must be limited . little doubt remains that burning fossil fuels for energy is playing a sigi iificant role in global warming , by spewing carbon dioxide and other heat-absorbing , or &quot; greenhouse , &quot; gases into the air .
a similar objective is achieved in a Beijing secondary school by having the students run a TV station of their own.All work involved , from programme planning to backstage chores , is done by the students themselves . even the student director of the TV station was elected on a one-man-one-vote basis by the whole school including the principal , teachers , and students .
a friend of mine who supports the PFP asked me : &quot; you said China had spent an enormous amount of money on training , but why haven &apos;t their leaders realised that they are badly in need of some training in projecting themselves ? honestly , even as a mainlander , I find the arrogance with which they speak hard to live with .
a : it &apos;s something I hate to recommend , but I think Asian countries need some breathing space . they need the ability to reflate without having to constantly worry about satisfying capital market investor confidence . that means delinking the domestic capital market from the external capital market . it certainly means debt moratoria and probably currency controls on a temporary basis .
UMNO and the MCA are both ethnic-based political parties . the biggest difference between them is that the former has the power to safeguard Malay rights and interest effectively . the impression has been that UMNO is synonymous with Malays . hence , Malays are not worried that the control of newspapers by UMNO will deprive them of a channel to make themselves heard .
Modem climate data , recorded by instrument , allow us to sEudy climate phenomena that vary on a time scale of several years , deMenocal notes in Science . but that record is far too short to capture large-scale events like the drought that wiped out Roanoke -- events that we can confirm through other detailed climate records like tree rings or lake sediments .
I am also here today as a representative of the millions of people across the globe , the anti-apartheid movement , the gov ernments and organizations that joined with us , not to fight against South Africa as a country or any of its peoples , but to oppose an inhuman system and sue for a speedy end to the apartheid crime against humanity .
Hongkong Post continued to review existing postal operations to identify and explore further areas for mechanisation and automation . a new automatic mailing System has been put on trial to provide customers with a self-service facility to post ordinary and registered letters . if satisfactory , the system will be installed in various places to provide a convenient service to members of the public .
France , now in possession of the foiling secret and the new method of casting glass , proceeded to combine the two . for the first time in history , glass was made quite free from bubbles and flat as a pool of untroubled water ; and when backed with foil , the plate glass made such a mirror as never before had existed .
Capitulations don &apos;t occur in every market cycle . of the ten bear markets since World War II , eight ended in a whimper , with the market steadily trending lower and no selling crescendo , says Lisa Kammert , U.S. equity market analyst at Birinyi Associates . finally a bull market sets in . the 1990 － 91 market slump fits that pattern .
&quot; we haven &apos;t either improved or diminished the possibility of life on Mars , &quot; she says . &quot; essentially , what we have done is exacerbate the problem of there being too little water on Mars today compared to where there was earlier . now those people who have proposed oceans have a bigger task in explaining where the water went . &quot;
yet it takes the tempering in fierce political strifes to bring about political wisdom . while the negotiations over Hong Kong &apos;s return were monopolised by Beijing and London , how could the territory expect to produce a Lee KuanYew of its own ? （ The author is a Hong Kong-based political analyst . the article was first published in Ming Pao Daily News . ）
when the European missionaries first introduced the Western culture to the Chinese during the 16th and centuries , the latter were unimpressed with their new-found innovations . on the other hand , the Westerners , from Marco Polo right down to the 18th century , were mesmerised by the unsurpassed Chinese standards of elegance . they also eulogised some of its political and cultural institutions .
when I made my first trip to China in 1972 , Premier Chou En-lai and I shook hands as I came off the airplane . that handshake began a new era in relations between China and the United States . later , Chou said to me , &quot; Your handshake came over the vastest distance in the world -- twenty-five years of no communications . &quot;
what was Kuo Pao Kun &apos;s query and what was his answer ? if even the intellectuals today are unable or unwilling to recognise his many contributions , how can we blame the man in the street for being ignorant ? how can we pin our hopes on the next generation to know Kuo Pao Kun as a gem and to carry on his spirit ?
using so-called &quot; people power &quot; to overthrow an elected President has set an undesirable precedent for the country . the people have come to believe that &quot; people power &quot; can easily topple a government - this is why loyalists of Mr Estrada resorted to a third &quot; people power &quot; on May 1 by attacking the presidential palace and attempting to seize power .
through the matches where their team emerge unbeaten , we seem to send out a message to the world : see ? there &apos;s still glimmer in the old Asian tigers yet , don &apos;t write us off ! most importantly however , we can identify with the joy and pride at being an unexpected survivor through the hard work of sheer determination and perseverance .
this is very true of any organisation . for example , when employees in a company are busy fighting each other , competitors can add fuel to the fire . moreover , when the employees are disunited , unhappiness is bound to set in . this allows competitors to sow more seeds of discord , and to poach the more capable ones to join them .
things made in factories wear out after a while and are thrown away as trash . we burn a lot of trash . more smoke and soot . and then there are the cars made in factories . once they are out on the street , the cars will take in air and replace it with poisonous gases . again , more smoke and soot .
they sought no rewards for their hard labours , only to reflect the society around them so that future generations could share their thoughts and emotions . these literary figures also possessed professionalism . they took their work seriously and were fully committed to their work . this love for writing is an important factor contributing to the breadthless scope and continuity of Chinese literature .
they are to the Noughties what yuppies were to the eighties . they &apos;re young , affluent and know what they want -- and don &apos;t need anyone &apos;s permission to go out and get it . no longer buying or acting to please a man , they &apos;re not just surviving , they &apos;re living in top gear in every area of their lives .
these participants represented only a very small portion of Zaobao online &apos;s readers . the majority , especially those from China , did visit the website but refrained from making any remarks . it is estimated that thousands upon thousands of readers have flocked to the forum in the past few weeks , making Zaobao online an international rallying ground for Huaren around the world .
the presidential election in Taiwan , which ended on March 18 , has opened a new chapter in the party politics on the island . Backgrounded with the democratisation process throughout the Asian Pacific region , the outcome of the election in Taiwan has been thought-provoking.Not only have the results reaffirmed certain universal truths , but the whole process has displayed some peculiar Taiwanese features .
the current confusion over the value system , unhealthy media competition , a small group of people who take to the streets over the slightest dispute , unfair distribution of resources for education and health care , and waste of public funds , are all undeniable facts . the promise of better welfare benefits has become the most effective means for politicians to hoodwink voters .
the US assigns labels on others according to its own strategies , and the media can lend support to such efforts with the necessary images and news angles . this is selective misinformation . in an era where the media is highly sophisticated and the people &apos;s memories are short , it is becoming increasingly easy to use the media in the manufacturing of consent .
the Legislative Council normally meets on Wednesday afternoons in the Chamber of the Legislative Council Building to conduct business which includes the tabling of subsidiary legislation and other papers and reports for the council &apos;s consideration ; asking of questions for replies by the Government ; the introduction and consideration of bills and proposed resolutions ; and debates on motions concerning matters of public interest .
the Hong Kong visual Arts Centre continued to support local artists by providing studio equipment and facilities for ceramics , sculpture and print-making . the exhibition gallery , art studios , lecture theatre and seminar rooms are for hire to the public at subsidised rates . on September 28 , 1997 , improvement works were completed and the seminar rooms were converted into multi-activities rooms .
the EU has established such key institutions as the Council of Ministers , the European Commission , the European Parliament , the Court of Justice , the Commission on Human Rights and the European Central Bank . at every critical juncture of its history , it has been able to move forward toward its goal of an even closer union by creating or re-engineering institutions .
the Civil Service employs about 5.1 per cent of Hong Kong &apos;s labour force . it provides staff for all government departments and other units of the administration . at December 31 , the total strength of the Civil Service was 174 500 ( excluding about 1 500 ICAC and judicial officers ) , with staff distributed among some 405 grades and 1 136 ranks .
the 3500-seat Queen Elizabeth Stadium plays host to numerous local and overseas productions , such as sports events , pop concerts and cultural programmes , as well as conventions . highlights in 1997 included pop singers Suede and Chris de Burgh , World professional Ballroom and Latin American dance performances and major celebration programmes for the handover in July and National Day on October 1 .
take the case of Professor John Nash , who , despite being stricken with severe schizophrenia , was allowed to teach at America &apos;s Princeton University because of his mathematical prowess and who eventually won a Nobel Price for economics in 1994.Now 75 , he still teaches there . his story is told poignantly in the film , A beautiful mind , now showing here .
progress continues to be made in the coach education field under the supervision of the Hong Kong coaching Committee . among its major programmes is the Hong Kong coach Education Programme . by the end of March 1997 , more than 5500 coaches from 41 NSAs in 49 different disciplines had participated in one of its major components , the Hong Kong coach Accreditation Programme .
professor Tommy Koh , Singapore &apos;s Ambassador-At-Large and the Executive Director of Asia-Europe Foundation delivered the following speech at the APEC Business Advisory Council in Bandar Seri Begawan , Brunei on February 6 , 1999 . he expressed confidence that Asia will recover from the current economic crisis , provided that the governments concerned are determined to choose the necessary conditions for it to happen .
our kids are in local schools and we intend to raise them here . most of us will not want to disrupt our children &apos;s education by uprooting to another country . this is typical of Chinese parents who hope that their children can fulfill their expectations and aspirations . our kids shall grow up here and make Singapore , not China , their home .
one of these is the condition that the writer must be living when his work is nominated . though we can understand why such a condition was imposed , this is really unfortunate as a number of writers , whose great talents enable them to produce brilliant literary works , tend to encounter tribulations in their lives and die at the height of their profession .
one of the report &apos;s less appetising speculations is that biote chnology might allow soldiers to create &quot; edible , digestible , nourishing food from raw materials that might be foraged on the battlefield . &quot; Dr Ladisch and his colleagues do not , however , detail what those raw materials might be , nor how they might be turned into something scrumptious.Perhaps that is just
one of the curious things about mirrors is that very once in a while the demand for them comes upon the world like an epidemic . suddenly there is a rage for mirrors , and society seems to go mad about them . in the seventeenth century people wore mirrors at their girdles , in their hats , or set like jewels in there rings .
on the debit side , our detractors view us increasingly as a victim of our own success . they have branded us &quot; ugly Singaporeans &quot; . some of our neighbours quite justifiably find us overbearing , boastful and condescending towards them . others see us as overly materialistic , somewhat uncouth and lacking in social graces . hopefully , this is a transitional phase .
nonsense ! if you can &apos;t now live with the land , how will you then live without it ? you have always been kind to me , and I do not now mean to be unkind to you . on the contrary , if you will but follow my advice , you will find it worth more than eight times eighty dollars to you .
nationalism in the old days did not just refer to loyalty to the country . it was closely tied up with loyalty to the emperor or sovereign king . both were inseparable . Chinese general Yue Fei &apos;s undivided loyalty to the country and the Song emperor ( who was misled by corrupt court officials ) was what led to his tragic death years ago .
more refuse collection points have been set up in busy areas and publicity and educational activities increased . in 1996 , the Marine Department began a three-year programme to modernise its refuse collection and scavenging fleet . six new specialised vessels will be added to the existing fleet of seven , and a total of 58 contract vessels hired to strengthen the refuse collection service .
meanwhile , Senior Minister Lee Kuan Yew visited Nee Soon East to perform a &quot; surgery &quot; for the single-member constituency . the ward was like a patient suffering from acute appendicitis , but was back in the pink of health immediately after the &quot; operation &quot; . the result : the expected close fight fizzled out and it ceased to be a hot spot .
me quote a Malay saying : &quot; Bahasa jiwa bangsa &quot; , which means language is the soul of a race . if we know the Malay language , we will be able to understand how the Malays think , and why they react in a certain way to events unfolding in Singapore and elsewhere.This will no doubt help to promote racial harmony and solidarity .
many factories and commercial activities produce air-borne emissions . the EPD operates a range of controls under the Air pollution Control ordinance and its subsidiary regulations , including specific controls on furnaces and chimneys , dark smoke emissions , fuel quality , open burning and certain industrial processes . a regulation to control dust emissions from construction works was enacted and implemented in June 1997 .
it must be emphasised that being able to converse , read and write a letter in one &apos;s native language is only the first step . further upgrading is needed to make Chinese a major medium through which Singapore &apos;s public-minded intellectuals can discuss important national and even global issues , pass down and enrich their cultural heritage and record their delicate and profound thoughts .
it is impossible to go into all the key thoughts of Confucius and Mencius here.I shall just touch on Confucius &apos; simplest explanation of his concept of &quot; 仁 &quot; or &quot; ren &quot; － ( this has been translated as benevolence , love , kindness and humanity , etc ) and Mencius &apos; notion that &quot; Man &apos;s nature is good at birth &quot; .
it is going to be very important as you think about your global reach whether your company and your customers see your brand or an aggregator &apos;s brand . so utilities , cable TV companies , phone companies , Internet service providers , ( and one very large software company ) are all trying to position themselves as the aggregator between your customers and you .
is it not better that we dream dreams and reach for more instead of concentrating on what we have less ? so let us meet , let us talk , let us gather in discussion for a better Singapore . let us articulate our hopes , our missions , our values and our vision instead of waiting for the government to state it for us .
in my opinion , when people &apos;s self-confidence is built up and their mind unbound , they will be able to explore various implications of culture from perspectives and appreciate their own cultural and artistic heritage.Then the blueprint as drawn up by the government will be translated into reality . it is never too late to start the efforts now that the goal is well-defined .
in fact , art should be around us , not in museums . it should be reflected in our landscape and our buildings . paintings and sculptures on the street , in schools and by the bus stops , make a far bigger difference than pouring money into a museum whose doors shut and close based on the artificial restrictions of time called a clock .
in accordance with the Basic Law , the Chief Executive of the HKSAR is selected by election and appointed by the Central People &apos;s Government ( CPG ) . the Basic Law provides that the method for selecting the Chief Executive shall be specified in the light of the actual situation in the HKSAR and in accordance with the principle of gradual and orderly progress .
in Singapore , for example , a govern-ment bond maturing in 2004 with a cou-pon of 3.5 % will currently yield about 3.4 % .This is to say , for every S $ 100 of face value , the bond is currently selling for S $ 100.50 , so that the annual coupon ofS $ 3.50 is worth about 3.4 % of the actual price .
in June 1997 , the ISD introduced a new Digital photo System.This allows news organisations to search on-line and down-load government photographs in digital format around the clock . during the operation of the Press and broadcast Centre for the handover ceremony , digital photographs produced by the system were also placed in a special handover Web site for downloading by the press world wide .
good teachers know that their job is not just to impart knowledge , they understand that teaching is more than just instructing . good teachers inspire in their students a love for learning through their enthusiasm and passion for their subject , and through their own efforts to continually develop new skills and embrace new ideas in order to bring afresh perspective to every lesson .
from July 29 to October 26 , the museum staged a major exhibition entitled History through maps : an exhibition of Old maps of China , the largest show of its kind ever held in Hong Kong . it was jointly presented with the National Library of China and supplemented with loan exhibits from local collectors . in all , 68784 people visited the exhibition .
first of all , there is the &quot; mode of exclusion &quot; . the American media has always love nitpicking where other things are concerned , but as to how three &quot; intelligent weapons &quot; could have hit a target &quot; by mistake &quot; and with such accuracy , the most basic media scepticism was not to be found . this is indeed an eye-opener .
first of all , as illustrated above , a bullish investor needs only a relatively small sum of money to bet on the broad trend of the 35 stocks included in the MSCI index . for those who are bearish about the broad market movement , a short position in SIF allows them to profit from this view if it turns out to be right .
elegant microfluidics , also developed at Lincoln , direct the sample and nutrient media through the channel , where a charge-coupled device ( CCD ) like those found in camcorders detects even a single B cell firing . identification based on five to 10 particles per sample has been demonstrated , and Hollis expects no problems detecting deadly bioagent particles in even the smallest numbers .
during 1997 , there were 14 747 traffic accidents involving casualties , representing an increase of 2.4 per cent over the previous year . the number of fixed penalty tickets issued for moving offences increased by 1.7 per cent compared with 1996 . police and traffic wardens issued 1.56 million tickets for parking offences during the year , representing a decrease of 8.2 per cent .
drive  by hacking is the trendy term given to the practice of breaking into wireless computer networks from outside the buildings that house them . as more organisations turn to wireless networks -- more convenient and sometimes cheaper than conventional wired networks -- to share computer data among employees , they are putting themselves at greater risk of inadvertently sharing it with outsiders too .
does this represent a trend , or is it simply a statistical fluctuation that can be expected to disappear over the years ? in my opinion , this is a truly new way in science that is going to be seen more and more in the future . this is not an accident. but a new important way which will become dominant in the future .
cases of loss , or worse , destruction of our heritage , have happened repeatedly over the years . what the press has reported is only the tip of the iceberg . the &quot; gain &quot; of the library in Johor Bahru is our &quot; loss &quot; . but it hurts even more to see art treasures perish . let me just cite an example .
but since I met my old friend Professor Sun from Taiwan last year and touched on the subject , I realised that in China ( possibly including Singapore ) , the Chinese terminology does not have a clear definition for &quot; technology &quot; . professor Sun used to visit China and discovered that the terms &quot; technique &quot; and &quot; technology &quot; are used indiscriminately .
but going into the details of what concerns most students and parents , one is left with the impression that the wrong questions are asked . in most cases , people just want to know what they should study . by this , they mean - quite bluntly - what they should study to make them marketable when they finally get their degree or diploma .
billionaire media tycoon Rupert Murdoch of News Corp. says , &quot; More than 40 years ago , Lee Kuan Yew transformed what was a poor , decrepit colony into a shining , rich and modern metropolis ? all the time surrounded by hostile powers . with his brilliant , incisive intellect , he is one of the world &apos;s most outspoken and respected statesmen . &quot;
behind the great rubber industry of today lies a story of one man &apos;s search and of his discovery by &quot; accident &quot; rubber in its natural state is hard when cold , and soft and sticky when heated . Goodyear , an American , had been trying to find a way in which rubber could be made hard , nonsticky , and yet elastic .
at year &apos;s end , 247 student road safety patrol teams of the Road Safety Association had been formed . there were also 1 519 school staff crossing patrols serving in 309 schools to ensure children &apos;s safety on their way to and from school . the Road Safety Council , an advisory body , continues to co-ordinate all road safety matters in the territory .
astronomers watch the stars through big telescopes . some of these telescopes have glass lenses in them . a lens is a round piece of glass , but it is not flat . the side of a lens is curved . the middle part of some lenses is thicker than the edge . in other lenses , the edge is thicker than the middle part .
as winter turned to spring , I wanted to strengthen our bond . I was hoping that once I let him go , he &apos;d make my garden his territory , and I could continue our relationship . so I gave him a treat . I filled a feeder with a particularly sweet solution of 2-to-1 water and sugar and held it in my hand .
after he graduated from the university , he completed 22 technological projects until his retirement , four of which were considered significant inventions . he has written 33 pieces of scholarly works including dissertations , books and summaries . one work in English and another in Dutch are keptin the Technische Hogeschool Delft library in the Netherlands . he has received 18 awards and decorations .
a very important point to note is the inverse relationship between yield ( deno-minator ) and price . a rise in interest rates will reduce the price , or present value of all the future cash flows , of the bond . conversely , a fall in interest rates will in-crease the price , or present value of all future cash flows of the bond .
a key element in the success and continuing attraction of the HKSAR is that its judicial system operates on the principle , fundamental to the common law system , of the independence of the judiciary from the executive and legislative branches of government . the courts make their own judgments , whether disputes before them involve private citizens , corporate bodies or the Government itself .
Singaporeans have a habit of getting tired of the old as soon as they take a fancy to something new . we need to ponder the question of whether interest in the memorial hall can be sustained . the memorial hall is no Hello kitty , electronic pets or a passing fad - it should have an appeal that can stand the test of time .
Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong in his National Day Rally speech touched upon the need for &quot; moderate Muslims &quot; , a subject which is being debated in the Muslim community . Zuraidah Ibrahim , Straits Times &apos; columnist , correctly said that Muslims are reluctant to be labelled as &quot; moderate Muslims &quot; if it means that they are defined as being less religious .
Limp-Your hair is probably lacking moisture . healthy hair fibres are pushed away from each other but if you are not eating the right foods the molecular structure of each hair follicle is unable to hold water . give your hair a moisture boost by eating healthy fats , such as omega fatty acids , which are found in oily flash including mackerel and trout .
I would also like to call on my fellow Singaporeans to be reasonable in making comments on our policy-makers . don &apos;t force them into the &quot; work less , err less &quot; mentality.In reality , a pro-active policy-maker is likely to make more mistakes than an idle one . keeping this in mind , how are we going to treat the consciencious working type ?
Culver opposes a ban . fixing infertility genes , he hopes , would be just a first step toward correcing genetic diseases like sickle cell anemia . Alyson Peltz also sees the promise of the work . she wouldn &apos;t change genes to get a blue - eyed baby , or a genius baby , but she &apos;d do it to cure diseases or infertility .
when Nantah was closed in 1980 , many felt they had lost a pillar of strength and an alma mater for them to contribute something in return . yet it strengthened the sense of cohesion among them . the gathering of Nantah graduates has been a regular event since 1983 - from the early &quot; Nantah Nights &quot; which culminated in a global reunion of alumni .
war has absolutely no way to resolve the antagonism between the two sides . I think it is a gross mistake that we are spending so much money on weapons.We should communicate well with the mainland , having people there understand what we have gone through as well as trying to understand what they think . only with more mutual understanding can we co-exist in peace .
today , however , the lines have become blurred to a certain extent . many of us know engineers , for instance , who &apos;ve gone on to do their MBA and then move up the management ladder . others , despite their lack of formal training in finance , have gone on to do good work in top-notch companies like Merrill Lynch and Goldman Sachs .
to zero in on possible human influence on the domestic cat , Nicastro went to a zoo in Pretoria , South Africa , and recorded the calls of wild desert cats ( the animals thought to be the ancestors of domestic cats ) . he &apos;s still analyzing the sounds and plans to have people screen them , but his preliminary findings reveal very different vocalizations .
to sum up , the mainstream of popular opinion in Taiwan has its generality as well as uniqueness . if politicians could use it to their advantage , they would be able to win elections . and if China could keep its finger on the pulse of changes in Taiwanese public opinion , a win-win solution may be found for the current impasse in cross-strait relations .
this museum is housed in a fortified Hakka village built in the late 19thcentury at a scenic spot in Sai Kung . it comprises eight domestic units , pig pens , an open courtyard and an entrance gate tower . the village and a nearby lime kiln were gazetted as a monument in 1981 . despite its remoteness , the museum attracted 79305 visitors in 1997 .
this lack of interest in cultural heritage has become commonplace in our society . indeed , for many people , the idea of inheriting cultural legacy has never occured to them . when we fail to value art treasures as treasures , how can we not lose them ? in the first place , some people do not even regard them as treasures , but trash .
this is indeed a fundamental challenge in the process of nation building in a multi-ethnic society like This is an age-old question with no ready solutions . what is clear is that both government and the community ( civil organizations included ) have an important role to play to make the right policies and take the right actions to create a win-win situation for all Singaporeans .
there are other reasons to focus on the competitors first rather than oneself . through detailed analysis of the competitors , it is possible to win even if you are weak ! this can be done by avoiding the strengths of the competitors . in fact , this was exactly what the Japanese manufacturers did in the 1950s and 1960s . ( part one of two )
there , I had said it . it was out in the open . Wanda &apos;s face seemed to light up , I hadn &apos;t seen her like that for more than three months . we kissed as if we really meant it for the first time since I had been told I had cancer . I started the car again , and we drove home .
then he played the recordings to two sets of people . he asked the first group of 26 people to rate each meow in teims of how pleasant each sounded . the second group of 28 people was asked to rate each sound in terms of urgency . when he compared people &apos;s ratings with acoustical analysis of the meows , he found very clear patterns .
the use of Mandarin by undergraduates and MPs signals a new fragile life for the Chinese language here . no one knows if it can grow healthily . this hinges on the attitude of decision-makers . some years back , when it was common for primary students to communicate in Mandarin , some decision-makers became concerned and a number of &quot; corrective &quot; measures soon followed .
the issue of free speech in Singapore has always been an object of criticism by the Western media . now , the bold decision by the government has come to prove them wrong.It also aims to satisfy the demand from the opposition . moreover , it is a challenge to the government &apos;s tolerance towards different views , a big stride forward in promoting free speech .
the first phase of the extension of library opening hours began in August 1997 . the lunch break at 16 small libraries was abolished in order to render a better service to the public . closing time was also extended by half an hour to 7 PM . Sunday afternoon opening and the extension of the weekday closing time to 9 PM will be phased in .
the first is a new society , namely , an open society . without an open society there can be no new-type economy . in fact , the United States remains the world &apos;s most competitive economy just because it is the world &apos;s most open society . it is more open than Germany and Japan , and much more so than Taiwan and mainland China .
the famous 14th Century French prophet Nostrademus had predicted that the Apocalypse would come in July 1999 . the Bible Code , a best-selling book , predicts that World War Three would erupt before the year 2000 . it would be a war with unprecedented brutality , and mankind would become extinct , like the dinosaurs , in 2006 when nuclear warfare finally destroys the Earth .
the diocese has established its own administrative structure while maintaining traditional links with the Pope and other Catholic communities around the world . it uses the same scriptures and has similar ecclesial communions as in the universal church throughout the world , with which it maintains close fellowship . the assistant secretary-general of the Federation of Asian Bishops &apos; Conference has his office in Hong Kong .
the bits of rock lie on the ground , or under it , and they form soil of a kind ; but it is very bad soil . dead plants and waste material from animals make it better , and slowly change it into humus ; but this takes a long time . when the humus has been formed , plants can grow well in it .
the agency also developed writing aids and reference materials such as guidebooks on official Chinese writing . by the end of the year , the agency had compiled 21 volumes of English-Chinese glossaries of terms commonly used in government departments and sets of samples of official documents . the agency will continue its efforts in the provision of high quality language support to bureaux and departments .
the Public Works subcommittee examines and makes recommendations to the Finance Committee on the Government &apos;s expenditure proposals under the Capital Works Reserve Fund for projects in the Public Works Programme and building projects carried out by or on behalf of subvented organisations . during the 2000-2001 session , the subcommittee held 21 meetings and examined a total of 102 proposals put forward by the Administration .
the PAP might have scored a landslide victory with a higher percentage of valid votes , but it still failed to win back Potong Pasir and Hougang . and though the share of valid votes for Mr Chiam and Mr low both saw a drop , the fact that they managed to retain their seats in spite of the unfavourable conditions was already quite a feat .
the Law drafting Division , headed by the Law Draftsman , is responsible for drafting all legislation , including subsidiary legislation , in Chinese and English , and assists in steering legislation through the Executive and Legislative Councils . it is also responsible for the editorial work of the Laws of Hong Kong and the maintenance of the computer database of the legislation of Hong Kong .
the KMT , which had ruled Taiwan for 55 years , lost in the recent presidential election on the island . the humiliating defeat was brought about by none other than Lee Teng-hui , or Mr Democracy as dubbed by the West . having covered the election in Taiwan , the author , a senior reporter with Lianhe Zaobao , shares his observations on the event .
the Hong Kong Sports Institute , which amalgamated with the Sports Development Board in April 1994 , has provided support to the 12 focus Sports in the form of full-time coaches , training facilities and programmes , strength and conditioning , sports science and medicine , other technical services and junior squad development . over 240 athletes were granted Hong Kong Sports Institute scholarships in 1996-97 .
the HKSAR Government is committed to fight corruption in every area of public and private life . keeping corruption under control is essential to the community &apos;s continued stability and prosperity . the ICAC will build on its achievements in the past and enhance its preventive and enforcement capability . with the support of the community , the commission looks to the 21st century with confidence .
the Chief Executive of the Hong Kong Monetary Authority , Mr Joseph Yam , addressed a seminar entitled &apos; Hong Kong &apos;s Monetary arrangements Through 1997 &apos; when he visited Frankfurt in March . it was part of a series of events aimed at assuring international financial and banking communities of the stability of the Hong Kong dollar and monetary system after the transfer of sovereignty .
the 1.9-kilometre Cross-Harbour tunnel connects Causeway Bay on Hong Kong Island and hung Hom in Kowloon . opened in 1972 , it was used by a daily average of 123 000 vehicles in 1997 , making it one of the world &apos;s busiest four-lane road tunnels . the tolls , which include a government passage tax , varied from $ 4 to $ 30 per vehicle .
since the publication of its first White Paper on the environment in 1989 , the government has moved rapidly and invested large sums of money to correct past environmental abuses and prevent future abuse . Hong Kong &apos;s environmental problems are common to most developed communities . the rapid growth of its population , industry and commerce remain at the root of pollution by human activities .
since the introduction of the Drug trafficking ( Recovery of proceeds ) ordinance in September 1989 and the establishment of the Financial Investigation Unit , assets valued at $ 297 million have been ordered confiscated and a total of $ 216 million has been paid to the government.Further assets amounting to $ 169 million were under restraint at the end of 1997 , pending confiscation proceedings .
review of the library service through the Five-Year Plan was completed and feedback from the public was incorporated . the Five-Year Plan covers comprehensive reviews on areas such as library opening hours , provision of material , provision of libraries and facilities in libraries . the finalised plan will be implemented as a commitment by the council to further improving its library services to the public .
regrettably , today we find the key logo above the DBS-POS Bank ATMs much dwindled in size , and even the name of POS Bank is missing from the ATM &apos;s screen.Obviously , POS Bank has finished what it was meant to do.Now it is gradually shedding off its image of &quot; the people &apos;s bank &quot; . this is , however , inevitable and irresistible .
recent excavations have revealed two main Neolithic cultures lying in stratified sequence . at the lower , older level , coarse , cord-marked pottery has been found together with a fine , soft fragile pottery decorated with incised line , perforations and occasionally painted . chipped and polished stone tools are also present . current indications suggest a 4th millennium BC date for this initial phase .
personal interests and concerns may get in the way of a good gauge of the situation . to address the problem of how the standard of the Chinese language should be adjusted and maintained , we need to rise above emotion and personal considerations . perhaps we should ask Chinese friends in our neighbouring countries who will be able to give us a more objective assessment .
one early morning at a busy road , an elderly Chinese man ignored the &quot; No crossing &quot; sign and hobbled across the road , supporting himself with a walking stick . suddenly , an Indian teenager carrying a knapsack rushed forward and held him by his arm . the cars on the road stopped and made way for them . a potential disaster was averted .
of course we have no lack of educators highly actuated by ideals , but they hardly have the urge to break through the various restrictions . principals and teachers alike may have lots of fresh ideas of how to do a better job , but they have yet to take an even tougher challenge and uphold the ideal of education for the benefit of their students .
my break came from my cellmate , Herbert Huse Bigelow , who was serving a term for income tax evasion . both of us worked in the electric shop , and I eventually became the chief electrician . I decided that I wouldn &apos;t let the fact that I was unjustly imprisoned embitter me , and to keep myself occupied , I volunteered for extra work .
most people work with English , either on administrative , commercial , or clerical jobs . even those traditional ethnic-Chinese institutions have turned to English as their working language . it is not rare now for an old-style grocer &apos;s or pawnshop to give invoices or receipts in English . maybe in another decade Chinese medicine practitioners will make prescriptions in pinyin instead of Chinese characters .
more than 200 lifeguards from the Red Cross of El Salvador are getting ready to swim 7 miles , a traditional test they have to pass in order to qualify to be a lifeguard in La Libertad , Sunday , Feb. 24 2002 . the event is a 38-year-old tradition and serves to prepare the lifeguards for emergencies before the start of vacations during Holy Week .
many readers came to Zaobao online &apos;s forum only after they had seen the photos . although the photos were later said to be taken of Indonesian soldiers &apos; atrocities in East Timor , and not related to the anti-Chinese riots in May , the indignation of Huaren remained unabated . there is no denying that the rape of Chinese women happened in May in Indonesia .
it is noteworthy that close to 50 % of its skilled manpower , including engineers , scientists and entrepreneurs , come from Asia . prominent among them are Indians and Chinese , and not a few Singaporeans . they include such illustrious names as Vinod Khosla who co-founded Sun Microsystems , Jerry Yang of Yahoo fame and Singaporean Sim Wong Hoo , to name a few .
it does not matter whether you believe in traditional values or subscribe to Western ideas--getting hitched and having children is a duty for every adult . this is a precondition for the continuity of the human race . when a whole generation of people chooses to reject marriage and reproduction , human race will vanish from the face of earth with the demise of that generation .
intellectual challenges aside , it is a common practice for start-ups to offer generous share options to employees in order to attract the right talent into their folds . this is a powerful incentive to motivate the staff to do their utmost and to share in the company &apos;s prosperity if it reaches its goal . many regard this as the foundation of a successful enterprise .
in planning the Lantau Port , environmental considerations have played an important role . the orientation of terminals is such that visual and noiseimpact is minimised , while safety and operational efficiency are optimised.Continuous review of future port requirements is necessary to take into account changing trends in vessel size and trading pattern and flexibility is maintained to ensure that Hong Kong can meet these challenges .
in modern strategic management and planning , SWOT analysis is a widely known diagnostic tool . SWOT analysis refers to understanding the strength and weakness of the competitors relative to oneself , and realising the opportunities and threats that the environment may impact on one &apos;s business . interestingly , SWOT analysis was already advocated by Sun Tzu more than 2,000 years ago when he said :
in 1997 , 209 young males and 33 young females were sentenced to detention in training centres , while 101 young male offenders and 21young female offenders were recalled for further training for breach of supervision conditions . after being discharged from training centres , 59 per cent of the male offenders and 91 per cent of the female offenders completed the three-year supervision without reconviction .
in 1919 , I was arrested in Denver for possessing narcotics . I &apos;d never had anything to do with narcotics , But nobody believed me ; my vagabond life was too flavored with fringe adventures to defend my innocence . convicted of the charge , I was sent to Leavenworth . and there , I got the one thing prisoner rarely get -- a break .
if we take a long-term view , for &quot; overseas Chinese literature &quot; outside China , including Singapore , by winning the Nobel prize , Gao has changed the view that China and Taiwan are the mainstream of Chinese literature . indeed , he has demonstrated that Chinese-language writers outside China can also create award-winning works , a point which has been made by several commentators .
however , with the collapse of the US Nasdag share index earlier this year resulting in the plunge in prices of technology shares listed on it and elsewhere , the hitherto valuable share options held by numerous paper dot.com millionaires have become virtually worthless in these changed circumstances . those who could not take the heat , as it were , left their employment feeling disillusioned .
however , it is not possible for the common man to master history . there are too many events , personalities and dates to remember . for the common man , literature is more important than history . to put it in another way , literature is like a summary of history , of events and human experiences recounted in a lively and sometimes fictional way .
hence the unhappiness among the people . the average bank-user would gladly spend a few more dollars on lottery every month , plus the time in the queue , rather than pay the fee to the bank that has been providing high-quality services for free for so long.Herein lies a complex bred of sentiments more than a mere S $ 2 fee can explain or solve .
head and torso of the Hellenistic prince are united by computer in an approximate reconstruction that suggests the two pieces were once one . fractures above the right elbow , visible in an X ray , may have been made with the intent of breaking the arm apart . the sculpture shows signs of deliberate breaking where the left arm had been soldered to the shoulder .
from my experience with people from different educational background , I can surmise that the writer is English-educated . she may not be too familiar with the Chinese language and culture , and probably has little understanding of the history of our education system and the changes in our language policies . I understand her concerns and shall attempt to allay her fears with the following :
forty eight weeks ! imagine bringing your child from zero to A-level standards in any subject in just one year of continuous study ! and this is done here for students of all the other languages that Princeton offers — French , Italian , Spanish , Portuguese , Japanese , Korean , Chinese , Russian , and even Ancient Greek , Hebrew , Latin and Persian .
finally Ducat managed to find three other mothers willing to share their experience , and from that beginning she went on to found and lead the juvenile diabetes Foundation , which currently has 150 chapters worldwide . Ducat also formed and now heads the National Disease Research interchange , which procures human tissues for vital research . Lee Ducat &apos;s secret ? being a role model .
deep in their hearts , today &apos;s young people still find it hard to discard the traditional Confucian aspirations of &quot; self-cultivation , regulating the family , governing the country and establishing peace throughout the world &quot; .On the other hand , they also find the strong pull of material culture and its products , many of which are in &quot; bad taste &quot; , irresistible .
criteria used in the survey included ease of transportation , a comfortable living environment , a vibrant and diverse culture and administrative efficiency.Based on the findings , the magazine described Singapore as an excellent city that is a result of meticulous planning . but it also noted that some people have sneered at Singapore as a place that resembles a hospital - - sterile and boring .
audience building efforts were enhanced in the year . besides the animateur schemes on modern dance and drama for students co-presented with the City Contemporary dance Company and the Prospects theatre Company , two arts education programmes were organised in collaboration with the International Association of theatre critics and the Hong Kong ballet . a total of 77 schools and 1200 students joined the four schemes .
attitudes about divorce have dramatically changed.In the past , it was seen as the last resort of a woman who had been beaten up or cheated on.Women were victims.Today many women choose to get divorced because they think they will have a better life as a SINDI than by staying in a stale marriage.In 74 percent of cases it is women who now instigate divorce proceedings .
asked about the staff &apos;s confidence in the future of Eyah.com , Jessica , its marketing manager , replied : &quot; if not for the company , I would have gone home long ago . my former boss had already promised to pay 20,000 yuan ( S $ 4,000 ) a month . &quot; she came from Beijing and had completed her MBA study in Melbourne .
as the Speak Mandarin Campaign enters its 20th year , it has now reached a stage of maturity . the campaign has expanded its target group and its goals and has also assumed a new role in nation building . the transformation is now complete , as aptly summarised and articulated by Minister for Information and the Arts BG George Yeo during the launch this year .
as it is , the Malay language is now used only in singing the national anthem and in giving commands during military training in national service . this may give our neighbours the impression that Singapore is unwilling to be a part of South-East Asia . PM Goh &apos;s call for Chinese Singaporeans to learn the Chinese language more seriously may make them even more suspicious .
as cultural and academic exchanges between Singapore and China become more frequent , some Chinese research organisations have even begun active study into Singapore and South-East Asia . for some years now , I have had close contacts with some Chinese academics and institutes studying South-East Asia . by and large , I find them very serious about their work and able to offer fresh perspectives .
among other measures for ensuring open , transparent and accountable government , the administration uses the Internet to disseminate information on its policies and plans and to communicate with the public.The government Home page ( Government Information Centre -http : / / www.info.gov.hk ) provides a comprehensive range of information on Hong Kong . all bureaux and departments have their own home pages on the Internet .
all ordinances in force in the HKSAR are bilingual , and their Chinese and English texts are equally authentic . those ordinances , and the subsidiary legislation made under them , are published in the loose-leaf edition of the Laws of Hong Kong and are accessible on the Internet ( http : / / www.justice.gov.hk ) . all new legislation is published in the Government Gazette .
additional cameras for detecting red-light offences were bought , allowing the number of locations covered to double from 15 to 30 . a further 15 sets of equipment were installed at junctions on the Light rail Transit system in the New Territories , which were considered accident black spots . mobile Enforcement also benefited with the purchase of two more VASCAR in-car video speed detection devices .
I woke up Friday morning with a song in my heart and Jeremy &apos;s yells in my ears . I looked at the clock beside the bed . no wonder  it was past 7 : 30 already , and Jeremy and Sean usually are up by 7 . no matter . the week was over . I was time to pick up my lovely wife .
I was born over four decades ago of Westernised Chinese parents . the proof of my &quot; mixed &quot; parentage is my triple-barrelled European name , I might add , without the Mandarin appendage . I grew up in a series of convent schools , wore bonnets to early morning Mass and sang Gregorian chant , the popular European classics , English &amp; French folk songs .
I don &apos;t know . but as an analogy , when people were trying to understand the Solar System with algebra and geometry , they could only describe the planets &apos; orbits . to understand what was actually happening took calculus . so maybe there is some sort of calculus , some sort of mathematical way of talking about organisation that we don &apos;t yet have .
Chen Shui-bian will be a weak president , as DPP remains a minority both in the Legislative Yuan and the National Assembly , two sections of the law-making branch of the Taiwanese government.Therefore , however hard the new president and DPP strive to consolidate their hard-won power , they will be subject tothe strong check and balance from KMT and People First Partyled by James Soong .
American students come to China to learn many things . how you monitor and predict earthquakes , how you &apos;ve made such strides in researching the cause and treatment of cancer . we have much to learn from you in neurosurgery and in your use of herbs in medicine . and we welcome the chance to study your language , your history , and your society .
with the rise of Asia &apos;s four Little dragons , and especially China &apos;s successful open door policy , Southeast Asia is playing an increasingly active role in international economic development . although the Asian financial crisis is a setback for many Asian countries , including Japan , it has nevertheless highlighted China &apos;s pivotal role in the economic development of the region , even the world .
when we witness the obstacles the Chinese face in learning English , such as the lack of opportunities to practise speaking the language , we also realise how fortunate we are to grow up in a bilingual environment and to be comfortable in both the Chinese and English languages ( never mind that we are still a long way from the objective of being effectively bilingual ) .
when the popular international TV show , &quot; Who Wants To Be A Millionaire &quot; , was launched here several months ago , a foreign newspaper commented sarcastically that Singapore &apos;s much publicised intelligent population did not measure up to expectations , as a good number of the pioneer participants , picked by luck of the draw , failed to answer correctly the relatively simple multiple-choice questions .
when knowledge － not business profits exclusively － becomes the leading force of economic activities , society is likely to see the coming of knowledge economy &quot; with a soul &quot; .The &quot; soul &quot; represents the conscience of society . &quot; knowledge economy with a soul &quot; is one that seeks the participation of the community , social justice and social responsibility in addition to profits .
what prompted them to make such a sacrifice , one may ask ? rather than the pressure from the circumstances at home then , as many would suggest , our ancestors did what they did out of love for their families and concern about their homeland . many men and women today , with all their higher education , lack this spirit and can hardly acquire it .
warning : cigarette smoking may be hazardous to your ... marriage ? well , yes . new research finds smokers are 53 ％ more likely to divorce than nonsmokers . granted the filthy habit is a turnoff , but the real reason behind the breakups may be that smokers are more likely to suffer from problems like depression and anxiety -- which can shake up any marriage .
until the 19th century , no one knew much more about electricity than this . now , though there are still some things we do not understand , we know a great deal about how it behaves and how to use it . we know also that everything is made up of atoms , and that these atoms contain electricity . therefore everything has electricity in it .
to bring up students that meet the requirements under a new education system , there must first be an army of teachers who accept the system and can work well under it . while no student should be given up for lost , teachers should first be given care and support in the education reform . they should not be ignored while the school system is revamped .
this is true in the case of the army and the organisation . for example , when there are no clear lines of communication and distinctive demarcation of duties and responsibilities within a company , the employees will become very confused . to make matters worse , if personnel among the various departments are suspicious of each other , the company can never move in one direction !
there is no reason to believe that any of the strategies is best without considering the individual &apos;s requirements . for an investor who needs a minimum sum of savings to meet his mortgage payment next month , it will be inappropriate to ask him to invest more of his savings in a bear market , although the strategy might prove profitable in a year &apos;s time .
the year also saw the formulation of a Five-Year Plan on the Provisional Urban Council &apos;s museum services , which shows the council &apos;s commitment to further improving its services to the public . the plans cover acquisition , exhibition , education , promotion and cultural exchange policies . a public consultation exercise on the Five-Year Plan was conducted in September-October to obtain feedback from the public .
the story doesn &apos;t end there . you see , there was yet another letter that Spring . Teddy said he &apos;d met this girl and was to be married . he explained that his father had died a couple of years ago and he was wondering ... well , if Mrs.Thompson might agree to sit in the Pew usually reserved for the mother of the groom .
the process as a whole carries great significance for Hong Kong , which has become its own master now . as noted earlier by the deputy Vice-Chancellor of a Hong Kong university , the SAR government should not grudge allotting funds for education as did the former Hong Kong-British authorities , who were reluctant to spend resources on &quot; the upbringing of other people &apos;s children &quot; .
the money and effort we put into attracting foreign talent have yielded positive results . I believe we too can succeed if we tackle this issue with the same dynamism and determination . the question remains whether we have the determination and the dynamism to cultivate a Chinese-language core elite . the setting up of a School of Chinese Studies will be the test of this determination .
the idea that special enzymes could be engineered into plants , to make food derived from them easier to digest , is more speculative . such enzymes would , they reckon , make a meal &apos;s calories available to the soldier more quickly , heating him up in arctic conditions . ( manufacturers of certain breafast would , no doubt , be interested in this idea . )
the Performance Review branch will develop a customer-focused strategy to improve the Force &apos;s service to the community . the document which underpins this strategy is the Vision and Statement of Common Purpose and Values launched in December 1996 . last year , the Force underwent a cascading process of discussion groups involving each member of the Force in identifying barriers to living up to the values .
the Hong Kong Journalists Association ( HKJA ) is the only industry-wide union of journalists in Hong Kong and one of the most active . it has more than 720 members , an estimated one-fifth of Hong Kong &apos;s journalists . from its beginnings in 1968 as a union with a high proportion of expatriate members , Hong Kong Chinese now comprise the bulk of its membership .
the Hong Kong Arts Development Council was formally established as a statutory body on June 1 , 1995 . its mission is to plan , promote and support the broad development of the arts to improve the community &apos;s quality of life . the council drew up its first Strategic Plan in December 1995 , setting the blueprint for the development of the arts in Hong Kong .
the HKTA is active in the field of industry training and , for example , works closely with the vocational Training Council and other institutes to ensure sufficient and relevant courses are available for industry staff , or those wishing to joining it . the HKTA publishes a Hotel , catering and Tourism courses directory to provide comprehensive and detailed information on the availability of such courses .
the Financial Secretary visited Australia in late August . during the week-long programme , which covered Sydney , Canberra and Melbourne , Mr Tsang met the Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for Trade , Mr Tim Fischer , Cabinet Ministers , and senior government officials of New South Wales and Victoria , business leaders and the media . he also delivered keynote addresses at major business functions .
the Chief Secretary for Administration exercises direction primarily as head of the Government Secretariat , the central organisation comprising the secretaries of the policy bureaux and resource bureaux and their staff . the Chief Secretary for Administration also deputises for the Chief Executive when he is not able to discharge his duties for a short period , and is the Senior Official Member of the Executive Council .
the Airport Development steering Committee ( ADSCOM ) , which is chaired by the Chief Secretary for Administration and comprises the Financial Secretary and Bureau Secretaries concerned , has the overall responsibility of overseeing , directing and co-ordinating the ACP . the New Airport Projects co-ordination Office ( NAPCO ) serves as the executive arm of the ADSCOM and is responsible for overall project management and co-ordination .
the 60 members of the second term of the Legislative Council comprise 24 members returned by geographical constituencies through direct elections , 30 members returned by functional constituencies representing different sectors of the community , and six members returned by an Election Committee comprising 800 elected representatives of the community . the President of the Legislative Council is elected by and from among members of the council .
recent concerns about global climate change , especially the impact of human activity on these changes , have sent scientists scrambling to discover how current climate trends fit into the larger picture of climate change throughout Earth &apos;s history . with a growing pile of paleodilmate data at their disposal , researchers are also taking a closer look at how complex societies responded to past climate change .
psychological services , including professional counselling and education , were provided to Police officers , civilian staff and their immediate family members to help them cope with the high level of stress associated with Police work and in events of personal or emotional difficulties . critical incident stress debriefing services were available to officers involved in difficult or dangerous operations such as the Garley Building fire disaster .
outreach programmes continue to form an integral part of the library services . to arouse interest in literary appreciation , awards were presented in the year for creative writing in Chinese , drama criticism in Chinese and the best-produced books in Hong Kong . a competition for students on story writing in Chinese was organised and literary workshops were arranged to promote Chinese creative writing among students .
one of the first things I told the group was that I didn &apos;t think we were there to cry on one another &apos;s shoulders . we weren &apos;t there to find out who was the most seriously ill . we were there to share our mutual problems and to try to work them out so that we could live as close to normal lives as possible .
on the other hand , these countries &apos; support for － or at least acquiescence in － China &apos;s policy towards Taiwan is of great importance to Beijing . they would be the first to suffer from any turmoil arising in the Taiwan Strait and , unless China sets up a stable relationship with them , they would definitely have to seek protection from the United States .
on August 3 , Chen Shuibian made a speech on &quot; Two Countries , Taiwan and the Mainland , One On Each Side &quot; and called for legislation to enable a &quot; referendum &quot; on Taiwan &apos;s future . his action has suddenly heated up the largely tranquil situation in the Taiwan Strait and greatly increased the likelihood of an ultimate military solution to the Taiwan problem .
ocean Park , on the southern side of Hong Kong island , covers 870 000square metres . it is South-East Asia &apos;s largest aquarium and Hong Kong &apos;s premier park for recreation and entertainment . ocean Park had more than four million guests in 1996 / 97 . more than 45 million people , including 10million tourists , have visited the park since it opened in 1977 .
not long ago , Beijing announced that the &quot; Learn English Campaign &quot; would be a nationwide effort . to link up effectively with the world after China &apos;s entry into the World Trade Organisation , even shopkeepers and primary students are encouraged to learn to speak English . well aware of its inadequacy , China has demonstrated an irrepressible desire to catch up with the world .
not all of the top 30 per cent of Chinese students attend SAP schools . for a start , there is RI and ACS , who will claim that they are any time as good as Hwa Chong . and even apart from that , if we take all the SAP schools as a whole , perhaps about 15 per cent of Chinese students will be there .
next and closely related to issues of distribution , are the implications around brand management in a networked economy . this one cuts both ways : the Net allows you to extend your brand , and it also creates new threats to your brand identity . virtually any company with a Web site is positioned to challenge even the most entrenched brands , anywhere in the world .
moreover , as Singaporean Chinese are comfortable in both English and Chinese , and are familiar with both western and eastern cultures , they are able to plug into the economies of both the west and the east and serve as a bridge or interface between them . this has enhanced Singapore &apos;s position as a global city where East and West live and work comfortably together .
in this age of the Internet , English accounts for 70 percent of the world &apos;s total volume of communication , French accounts for 5 per cent , while the other major languages including Chinese share a mere 5 per cent . considering that Chinese － mainly Mandarin － claims the world &apos;s largest number of speakers , its share in global communication is far too small .
in the 18th century , following the emergence of rationalism in the West , materialism and atheism began to spread , so much so that even some philosophers went as far as to proclaim that &quot; God is dead . &quot; even then , Catholicism and Protestantism , which have been constantly adapting to changing environment , have not been reduced to non-existence by these external pressures .
in May , the Post Office launched its new corporate identity as Hongkong Post with a logo of a humming bird drawn like a letter &apos; P &apos; , the bird &apos;s wings capturing the mark of a franking machine , on a green background . it is displayed on posting boxes and delivery vans and is becoming a familiar sight on the streets of Hong Kong .
in August , the New York Office again organised the annual dragon boat festival in New York City with other Hong Kong-related organisations . this year , for the first time , business / investment seminars were held as part of the festival &apos;s activities in Atlanta , Boston and New York City . the events attracted audiences from various levels of the business and financial communities .
how it works : unlike the Jarvik 7 , the JaMk 2000 does not replace the natural heart . instead , the tiny pump -- about the size of a C cell battery -- is inserted in the organ &apos;s left ventricle , where it boosts blood flow . leaving the natural heart intact , doctors believe , will reduce the risk of infection and blood clots .
half a century ago , Chinese were disgraced by signs displayed outside some foreign clubs in China that said : &quot; no entry to dogs and Chinese &quot; . the growing anger and sense of nationalism eventually drove foreign forces out of China . with the establishment of modern China , &quot; the relationship between dogs and man &quot; , so to speak , returned to normal .
for years , both Singapore and Hong Kong have prioritised economic growth , taking care of arts and culture only to the degree that they help promote trade and business.Then , it dawned upon them both that wealth alone cannot give people a creative mind or an enlightened vision , and that entirely fresh perspectives are needed for understanding the role and function of arts and culture .
for the technical analyst , he does not need to know what the good news or other information that is affecting the stock price is ; the chart will tell him whether the stock price is going to move up or down . he does not need to know the fundamentals of the company because if the price is going up , the fundamentals must be improving .
finally I placed a trail of plants leading to my sun room , where there plenty of flowers in bloom . when the hummingbird came inside , I closed thd door behind him , then set up another feeder . the bird went from flower to flower before at last discovering the feeder . he liked the nectar and fed on it the rest of the day .
electrical energy comes from the sun in a roundabout way ; e.g , it can come from the power of water falling down a mountainside . the water fell there as rain , and we know that rain is made by the sun &apos;s heat evaporating the water on the earth &apos;s surface . this water vapour rises , condenses on cooling , and falls as rain .
efforts must be made to raise the status of the Chinese language here . government leaders , civil servants and professionals should set an example to correct the long-standing prejudice . this will help change the tendency of some Singaporeans to reject the mother tongue and make them realise that the government &apos;s firm stand on the teaching of the mother tongue is absolutely correct and far-sighted .
did the boys return the next day and honor the rule of ten ? write your own ending dear reader . because on the eve of the old mans &apos; golden anniversary to the only woman he ever knew or loved with the quiet hum of the fan and still cool morning air of early spring touching his face the old man went to sleep ... forever .
but what about population ? the population of the world today is about 6000000000 . that is an enormous number , yet it is known quite accurately , because there are very few parts of the world which have not carried out a modern census . China was the big unknown quantity untill 1953 , when a census was carried out . the population is over 1200000000 .
an exhibition , 50 Years of the Hong Kong Film production and distribution Industries ( 1947-1997 ) , was held at the City Hall exhibition Hall during the Hong Kong International Film Festival in March and April . it attracted 28000 visitors . a 700-page filmography on Hong Kong films made in the pre-war years was published , covering 621 film titles made between 1913 and 1941 .
after all , this is a form of borrowing . the only difference is that the applicant borrows from his own savings . this way , he does not have to turn to a banker who is likely to reject his request , or resort to loan sharks and run the risk of having them knock at your door in the middle of the night demanding repayment .
a conspicuous manifestation of Feng shui is through the proliferation of miniature fountains strategically placed in the homes , offices , shops , restaurants and at other public places.This is because water attracts the all-important life-sustaining Qi , or energy . the soothing rhythm of running water gently beating down on pebbles or bamboos can uplift one &apos;s spirits as it symbolises a vital source of life .
Pope John Paul II prays on the altar as he presides over the midnight mass as part of Christmas celebrations in St. Peter &apos;s Basilica , December 24 , 2001 . the Vatican on Monday condemned Israel &apos;s ban on Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat from travelling to Bethlehem as &quot; arbitrarily imposed &quot; and said it had tried to convince the Jewish state to reverse its decision .
Mr sin said that in various debates over the past few months , the term &quot; foreign talent &quot; has vaguely come to include those &quot; who have studied overseas , and whose practical experiences are suited to Singapore &apos;s needs &quot; . as a matter of fact , those foreigners who are undertaking jobs that can be done by Singaporeans , fit the above definition too .
I was struck by the fact that the activity of uranium and Thorium compounds appears to be an atomic property of the element uranium and of the element Thorium . chemical compounds and mixtures containing uranium and Thorium are active in direct proportion to the amount of these metals contained in them . the activity is not destroyed by either physical changes of state or chemical transformations .
I listened intently to their espousals , which were strongly influenced by their rich life experiences as successful people from blissful families . I was unable to ascertain if their thinking was antiquated or simply a reflection of general views . but I knew that I was concerned and even wanted , on behalf of unmarried girls in Singapore , to protest against the misconception about them .
I have found that many pupils take Chinese just for the sake of passing those required examinations . once they leave school or enter university , they cease to study or use the language unless they major in it . most students majoring in sciences , engineering , medicine or other fields , especially those who speak English at home , will not need Chinese any longer .
I do research on religious history and comparative religion . in our evolution from tribes to the societies of today , mankind has never been able to forsake religion . mankind has a basic need for religion because there is a weaker side to the human nature . from this point of view , I will examine the role of religion in the next century with detachment .
Hong Kong is most likely to be affected by typhoons in September , although tropical cyclones of varying strength are not unusual at any time between May and November . on average , about 31 tropical cyclones form over the western North Pacific and the China Seas every year , and about half of them reach typhoon strength with maximum winds of 118kilometres per hour or more .
Fourthly , Sino-US ties have been on the mend since the Sept 11 terrorist attacks on the US . any attempt by Chen to seek independence is tantamount to a challenge to the US &apos; &quot; one China &quot; bottom line . it is in the best interests of Washington that China does not resort to the use of force and Taiwan does not declare itself independent .
Cord-marked pottery and chipped stone tools continue into the higher , later levels , in which appears a new ceramic form decorated with a wide range of impressed geometric patterns . in this phase , beginning in themid-3rd millennium BC , polished stone tools show better workmanship and a proliferation of forms , some with steps and shoulders - features probably connected with improvements in hafting techniques .
Climatological information finds applications in activities ranging from recreation through engineering design and environmental impact analysis to litigation . to meet the demand for such information , the Hong Kong Observatory operates a climatological information service on a cost-recovery basis . the data available include land and upper-air observations from Hong Kong and neighbouring countries , marine weather observations from voluntary observing ships , and tidal observations .
CAPO is also responsible for advising Force members on how complaints can be prevented . throughout the year , lectures and seminars on complaint prevention were organised for junior Police Officers . a complaint Prevention Committee , made up of various ranks in the Force , was formed in 1992 to recommend on how preventable complaints may be reduced and how its recommendations may best be implemented .
Australia had implemented a &quot; white Australians &quot; policy in the past . the emergence of the One Nation party is a backward step and an attempt to revive an outdated practice . while it is more like a storm in a teacup now as Hanson and her party do not have the political influence to wreak havoc , the grave potential danger cannot be dismissed off-hand .
3 . Artistes should respond more objectively , and less emotionally , to valid criticisms or honest feedbacks on their performances or other creative endeavours . worse still , by arrogantly dismissing these as uninformed opinions not worthy of their rebuttals , they would forfeit good opportunities for self-improvement and alienate their audiences . they should know that Singaporeans are now more sophisticated than a decade ago .
2 . we should understand that the current examination ystem only tests a person on the progress of his learning and not his genuine intelligence and ability . in particular , under the &quot; spoon-feeding &quot; education system , one studies mainly with the examination results as an end . the system does not cultivate the student &apos;s thinking power nor his ability to organise and work .
&quot; Hmm , that &apos;s too bad , &quot; I said , covering my eyes while Jeremy and Sean threw socks they bad fished out of the basket of clean laundry at each other . I hadn &apos;t folded the laundry because I had spent the previous hour or so trying to find storage for all the toys they had scattered on the living room floor upstairs .
with the increasing popularity of cellular phones , the number of paging customers varied between 1.1 and one million in the year , the first sign of level-off with a slight dip since the service was introduced in the 1970s . at the end of 1997 , 31 licensees provided public radio paging services to one million customers ( or about one in six of the population ) .
two outstanding successes of this government are in changing the public perception of the uniformed and teaching professions through imaginative and well-publicised schemes and by enlarging their roles.It would certainly spur the artistes and their backers if the highest arts awards are conferred by the most eminent officers of the land , the President or Prime Minister , which is a common practice among the culturally advanced countries .
today , members of the community are engaged in a variety of occupations . the centre of their religious and cultural activities is the Sikh Temple at 371 Queen &apos;s Road East , wan Chai , Hong Kong Island . a special feature of the temple , which was established in 1901 , is the provision of free meals and short-term accommodation for overseas visitors of any faith .
to work towards creating a Singaporean identity , we have to listen to the voices of the &quot; silent majority &quot; . intellectuals also need to break free from the &quot; tradition of maintaining silence &quot; . heaping praises on our achievements and turning a blind eye to our shortcomings will not help us overcome our problems . in fact , it may well lead to our decline .
this seems to support Bill Gates &apos; prediction in his book &quot; The Road Ahead &quot; that the Internet will have a substantial influence on politics . the online forums have allowed people to be in touch one-to-one , or one-to-many or many-to-many . it will become easier to organize political movements , since people with similar interests can meet online and organise activities without incurring large expenditure .
this experiment , however , has its fair share of controversy and detractors . a French-speaking friend explained that learning English instead of the other Swiss languages is an impediment to the cultural amalgamation of the German and French-speaking groups in Switzerland . this shows that the Swiss still feel very strongly about preserving their own languages and are concerned about the linguistic links between the different races .
there is a popular phrase coined a few years back in the US , &quot; I &apos;m not going there &quot; . going where ? the uninitiated may ask . actually , the person who says , &quot; I &apos;m not going there &quot; does not wish to talk about a certain issue that crops up in the conversation because he has some emotional aversion to that issue .
the third review was published in March 1996 . it reported on the progress of environmental programmes stipulated in the 1989 White Paper and set the course for preventing environmental problems and promoting sustainable development . the fourth progress report will be issued in January 1998 , to take stock of further progress made towards the 1989 targets , and the new targets set in the subsequent reviews .
the second term Legislative Council election was held successfully on September 10 , 2000 . a total of 155 validly nominated candidates contested the 60 Legislative Council seats . over 1.33 million registered electors cast their votes on the polling day , representing a turnout rate of 43.6 per cent . the election was conducted fairly , openly and honestly under the supervision of the Electoral Affairs Commission .
the gallery , in Tak Wah Park at Tsuen wan , was converted from a traditional village dwelling dating from the 1930s . it provides a venue for mounting thematic exhibitions on various topics of local history . an exhibition on village education was presented to mark the gallery &apos;s inauguration in 1996 , and it is still on display . it attracted 198030 visitors in the year .
the HKSAR passport is in a machine-readable format . there are two types of HKSAR passports : the regular size ( 32 pages ) and the jumbo size ( 48 pages ) . the passport is normally valid for 10 years for persons 16 years of age or over and five years for children under 16 . at the end of 1997 , 335658 HKSAR passports were issued .
psychological services are provided to inmates to enhance their psychological well-being in the rehabilitation process . special treatment programmes are provided to sex offenders , inmates with addictive problems , young offenders as well as long-term prisoners by clinical psychologists and trained officers . professional consultation is offered to the courts , review boards and institutional management to facilitate decision making on the treatment and management of offenders .
open source has proved a very successful way of writing software . but it has also come to embody a political stand -- one that values freedom of expression , mistrusts corporate power , and is un comfortable with private ownership of knowledge . it &apos;s &quot; a broadly libertarian view of the proper relationship between individuals and institutions &quot; , according to open source guru Eric Raymond .
on the other hand , the impartial and almost bystander-like stance of Western mediation practice embeds the value and assumption that the individuals &apos; interests , priorities and preferences are paramount in the settlement of the dispute.The primary values to be protected and preserved by the mediators are the notions of the individuals &apos; autonomy , independence in the decision-making process , and the right to informed consent .
on our first Chinese New Year here , though I had to work on the second day of the festive season , I managed to persuade my husband to take me to the Istana , which is open to the public only on important holidays , early in the morning . we were surprised that the most people in the queue spoke Mandarin with a heavy Beijing accent .
on fingerprint identifications , the bureau achieved a high level of efficiency and service in 1997 with the implementation of phase II of the Computer assisted Fingerprint Identification System and the introduction of new fingerprint recovery techniques by the Advanced Technology Unit . altogether 1 278 persons were identified in connection with 1 243crime cases . after the identifications , fingerprint experts presented expert evidence in 394 cases .
now , this is not an idealistic article . so it &apos;ll not suggest that people should just study whatever they like . neither will it say that they shouldn &apos;t adopt an approach towards education that is too pragmatic , that reduces it to a painful process one endures for the sake of good returns later . for the stark reality is : a practical education matters .
nationalism can be defined as a deep sense of loyalty and devotion that one feels for one &apos;s own race and country . it is a set of emotions that is nurtured over thousands of years . and as agrarian communities give way to modern urban societies , nationalism today has also evolved into a form that is quite different from the ancient one that we know of .
moreover , university students here are either busy with school work or are busy accumulating sufficient points from their extra-curricular activities so as to continue their stay in the hostels.In their spare time , they would go to the disco , where they would drink , dance and make new friends . how could the busy university student in Singapore then find the time to enrich his mind ?
many Chinese nationals wish to visit Singapore , a place they have an affinity with , and a country that matches their ideal of what a model nation should be . my first impression of Singapore was that it had indeed lived up to its reputation . it was like an oasis garden with beautiful surroundings , well-developed amenities , an even pace of life and honest citizens .
many , including Singaporeans themselves , have identified the fear of losing out , or kiasu-ism , as a trait of the people here . yet it is these kiasu people , led by a firm and fearless government , who have set records and won top accolades in many areas for the tiny city-state . this has been borne out in polls by several authoritative international agencies .
let &apos;s imagine a family that is sustained by nothing but money . predictably , its members cannot be of one heart in dealing with life &apos;s adversities . such a family resembles a house built on sand , likely to collapse any moment . by contrast , a family welded together by love will endure a storm just like a structure firmly based on a solid rock .
let &apos;s calculate the price of a two-year bond , which pays annual coupons of 8 % , if the current interest rates or YTM is 5 % . note that this bond pays a higher coupon than the prevailing interest rates of 5 % , which therefore makes the bond attractive to investors . applying the present value formula to obtain the price of the bond : -
in these times when market forces appear increasingly complicated and more volatile , it is all the more important to understand the professional jargon and terminology in the market place in order to be able to better make our investment and business decisions . understanding key-economic indicators will assist in the decision making process , providing a snapshot of the current situation and an insight into the future .
in the course of recent years various artificial transmutations of different types have been discovered ; some are produced by alpha rays , others by protons or deuterons , hydrogen nuclei of weight 1 or 2 , others by neutrons , neutral particles of weight 1 about which Professor Chadwick has just spoken . the particles expelled when the atom explodes are protons , alpha rays or neutrons .
in addition to country parks , three marine parks at Hoi Ha wan ; Yan Chau Tong ; and sha Chau and Lung Kwu Chau ; plus one marine reserve at Cape D &apos;Aguilar , are being managed for nature conservation and education.Opportunities for public enjoyment of our marine environment will be provided in marine parks . the Agriculture and Fisheries Department manages the country and marine parks .
in Singapore , education is widespread and few are illiterate ; rules and regulations are spelled out clearly and not many can claim to be unaware of them ; computers are commonplace and a growing number of people are learning to use them . sadly , the same cannot be said about history . there seems to be embarrassingly far too many Singaporeans who are ignorant of history .
in December 1996 , the government decided to proceed with the construction of phase 1 of West rail , which is a 31-kilometre domestic passenger line linking West Kowloon with Tuen Mun via Tsuen wan , Kam Tin , Yuen Long and Tin Shui wai . phase 1 is expected to be completed to Yuen Long by the end of 2002 and to Tuen Mun the following year .
in 1897 , using this method of measurement , I undertook a study of the radiation of uranium compounds , and soon extended this study to other substances , with the aim of finding out whether radiation of this type occurs in other elements . I found in this way that of the other elements known , only the cornpounds of Thorium behave like the compounds of uranium .
if I may add something on a personal note , I must say that at a personal level these facts do remind me with some finality that I shall be entering the new millennium without a job . I am not sure how many universities will then want to be lectured by an old man , even a former President , with nothing to show but his age !
government officials and members of the public serve on these bodies . about 5 900 members of the public have been appointed to serve on about 600 bodies , and some serve on more than one . these people are appointed in view of their specialist knowledge or expertise , their record or interest in contributing to community service , and the specific needs of the concerned bodies .
for a financial year , the company has a BS at the start , another at the end . they are like two pictures of the company , one taken at the start of the year , the other at the end of the year . how the company changed from the first picture to the second picture is captured by the IS and SCFP of the year .
even though Singapore has made progress in racial integration , there are still quarters in the different groups which do not want to be forced together and risk losing their distinct characteristics.A small elite which aired their views in feedback Unit and Singapore 21 dialogues , however , feel that the Government could do more to speed up the process of racial integration and strengthen understanding between them .
but that is not all . mark also discovered the special law of motion governing the present-day capitalist mode of production and the bourgeois society that this mode of production has created . the discovery of surplus value suddenly threw light on the problem , in trying to solve which all previous investigations , of both bourgeois economists and socialist critics , had been groping in the dark .
but an even more strange act remains to be noted . after the rainy season , the new green grasses spring up . all the withered-grass insects seem to disappear . their colour would be no protection to them , and their places are now coloured as green as the new grass . whether they are new insects , or only the new green grasses , nobody knows .
before we attempt to move closer to the Western model , we must look at where it is heading . the professionalism of some of the mainstream American journalism is indisputable - many reporters and columnists are learned individuals who serve as excellent examples for us . on the other hand , some changes in the past decades have also made many uncomfortable , including some thoughtful Americans .
at the end of 1997 , a total of 182 major contracts worth about $ 96.4 billion had been awarded . they included 92 contracts worth $ 38.4 billion awarded by the government ; 58 contracts worth $ 34.5 billion awarded by the AA ; 31 contracts worth $ 17.8 billion awarded by the MTR Corporation ; and one contract worth $ 5.7 billion awarded by the WHTC .
as China &apos;s biggest city , Shanghai has made phenomenal progress over the years , thanks in part to the contribution of foreign talent . this is in spite of the anti-foreigners attitude that is still deep-rooted among some Shanghainese . in dealing with the negative sentiments of some Singaporeans over the presence of foreign talent , perhaps we can take a leaf out of Shanghai &apos;s experience .
Solids transmit sound very well . try holding a wooden stick against part of a machine , and place your ear against the stick . the movement of the ball-bearings can be dearly heard . this is a good way of finding the exact source of trouble in a motor-car engine which sounds as if it is wrong and yet gives no information of where the trouble is .
Mr Tung and Mr Goh exchanged views on housing , education and information technology issues , and visited a school and flats built by the Housing Development Board . the Secretary for Housing , Mr Dominic Wong , joined the visiting group to look at housing developments . in both Kuala Lumpur and Singapore , Mr Tung addressed leading businessmen and professionals on Hong Kong after the transition .
I am also very grateful to the Prime Minister for mentioning &quot; the need for a School of Chinese Studies to be established at NTU &quot; as one of the concerns of Lianhe Zaobao readers , in both his Mandarin and English speeches . it clearly shows that our leaders do see the need for each community in Singapore to promote and develop its own language and culture .
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region ( HKSAR ) remains a separate travel area after reunification . the Basic Law provides that the Government of the HKSAR may apply immigration controls on entry into , stay in and departure from the Region by persons from foreign states and regions . entry into the HKSAR of persons from the mainland of China is regulated in accordance with the previous practice .
work on the major highway projects related to the new airport at Chek lap Kok and developments along the north-western shore of Lantau was completed and opened to traffic during the year . the projects include the Western harbour crossing , the West Kowloon Highway , the Tsing Kwai Highway , the Rambler Channel Bridge , the Cheung Tsing tunnel , the Lantau link and the North Lantau Highway .
with so many dignitaries and guests attending the various official ceremonies besides the fireworks display over Victoria harbour and the other celebrations going on round Hong Kong , it was vital to ensure proper traffic and crowd management . special traffic diversions and transport arrangements were implemented in conjunction with the Transport Department and the Police liaised closely with organisers of public events on safety and crowd management measures .
whether it is for economic benefit or for the sake of our cultural heritage , we have no reason to be hesitant about learning Chinese . on the contrary , we should play an active role to inherit the past and usher in the future , making every effort to further promote the Chinese cultural tradition so that our younger generation will continue to benefit from our rich culture .
well , that &apos;s about all of the sagely advice this old grey head can come up with . and I &apos;ve got to admit . I &apos;ve even come by that late in life . as someone once said , &quot; When you finally get it all together , you begin to forget where you put it . &quot; but I suspect you &apos;re way ahead of me .
we were anxious and frustrated , but could do nothing . yet , five days later , my brother called from China , telling us that he had just received our letter and the remittance.Gladly relieved , we burst into shouts of joy , grateful to the good Samaritan who had found the package and mailed it for us , paying for the postage out of his own pocket .
we wanted to hear the National anthem , the pledge and the sing Singapore songs.The songs , which sounded contrived when they were launched , have become a part of us . they gave me a warm feeling inside , and no longer eeky goose bumps . all of us — even the couch-potato participant — I believe , felt proud to be a Singaporean especially on that day .
we should be used to it by now . a new Hollywood war epic is released--and battles and incidents that historically were won by a combination of Allied forces have magically been transformed into American victories.For anyone whose only exposure to history comes filtered through a Hollywood lens , it &apos;s easy to think that the US not only won the Second World War but was the only participant .
we know sound travels about one kilometre in three seconds . in a thunderstorm you see the lightning first and then hear the thunder . this is because light travels very much faster than sound . next time you see lightning , count the number of second before you hear the thunder divide this number by 3 . this will tell you how many kilometres away the thunderstorm is .
to celebrate the reunification of Hong Kong with China in 1997 , the council either organised on its own , jointly organised with other bodies or sponsored a great variety of cultural , recreational and sports activities . a total of 151 celebration activities were conducted , including carnival-type events , open day for leisure facilities , theme exhibitions and cultural presentations by renowned local and Mainland performing groups .
the tidiness and beauty of Singapore are undoubtedly manifestations of its overall national strength , the quality of its people and the graciousness of its society . not only has the Singapore government created a beautiful living able to share in the warmth and joy . seen in this light , the beauty of Singapore not only benefits Singaporeans , but it also contributes to the whole of humanity !
the subject , for most Singaporean investors , is actually somewhat &quot; moot &quot; , as the availability of &quot; offshore funds &quot; to them is greatly restricted . perhaps in reviewing the subject , it is worth considering taking another look at funds , as a whole , and then returning to the primary objective that most investors and savers need to consider : is their money safe ?
the significant investment in upgrading equipment and systems in the eight existing terminals at Kwai Chung over the past two or three years , which is on-going , enabled the port to handle the continuing growth in container throughput . in 1997 , one container terminal handled over 1 million TEUs at its single-berth terminal - more than three times the rate of most other ports in the world .
the newly-initiated inter-racial Confidence circles ( ICC ) run by the Community Development Councils ( CDCs ) get the thumbs up from me . so do the public talks given by the Islamic Religious Council of Singapore ( Muis ) which began much earlier than the unfortunate 911 . hopefully , these will help to clear up misconceptions that Singaporeans may have about each other and forge better understanding .
the mean annual rainfall ranges from around 1 300 millimetresat Waglan Island to more than 3 000 millimetres around TaiMo Shan . about 80 percent of the rain falls between May and September . August is the wettest month with an average rainfall at the Hong Kong Observatory of 391.4 millimetres.The driest month is January with 23.4 millimetres and it rains on only about six days in the month .
the lesson from Shanghai is , I think , the spirit of using the knowledge and skills of foreign talent in areas which the locals are not yet competent . caution should , however , be exercised , in order not to arouse feelings against foreigners . making foreigners feel rejected reflects a lack of confidence in ourselves and a misconception that they have deprived us of job opportunities .
the international media showed intense interest in Hong Kong in the lead-up to , and during , the handover . a world-class Press and broadcast Centre ( PBC ) - the largest of its kind ever established in Hong Kong - was set up in the Hong Kong Convention and exhibition Centre phase I as part of the government &apos;s plan to help media coverage of the historic event .
the intensive use of roads to cater for the rapid growth in the economy has made road traffic noise one of the most pervasive forms of pollution in Hong Kong . close to a million people at home suffer road traffic noise higher than 70 dB ( A ) L10 ( l hr ) , which is the minimum acceptable standard in the Hong Kong Planning Standards and Guidelines .
the fragile Brindisi bronzes are a windfall for archaeologists and art historians alike . &quot; there are so few bronzes from classical times , &quot; says Carol Mattusch of George Mason University in Fairfax , Virginia . &quot; Pliny mentions that Athens had 3,000 bronze statues . this collection gives us a wonderful sense of what it must have been like to stroll through a city in ancient times .
the financial crisis has made Singapore realise that good days do not last forever . already the slumped economy has cut employment opportunities and thrown the threat of unemployment into the faces of many workers . in an attempt to ameliorate the situation , the government has launched initiatives and programmes to help workers find re-employment , and set up funds to help workers upgrade skills for new jobs .
the Titanic sailed for America from England on April 10th , 1912 . there were 2,207 people On board the ship . the 46,000 ton Titanic was then the largest ship in the world . she had 16 watertight compartments . even if two of these were damaged , she could still float . people thought the ship was unsinkable . but she went down on her maiden voyage .
the RMO develops and oversees the implementation of a comprehensive system to manage records effectively and efficiently . it also operates records centres as central repositories for storage of inactive records transferred from government agencies . the provision of centralised storage facilities has helped to not only enhance records management practices but also realise substantial notional savings on rental for storage of inactive records in otherwise expensive office accommodation .
since the introduction of the driving offence points System in August1984 , 52 541 disqualifications have been ordered by the courts and 430 473 notices have been served under the Road Traffic ( Driving-offence points ) ordinance . the figures for 1997 were 5 959 and 53 824respectively . over the past five years , 475 047 drivers have incurred penalty points for committing scheduled offences under the system .
secondly , Singapore should continue being a cosmopolitan city with excellent infrastructure , public order and modern facilities . these are also important elements to attract foreign talent . although Singapore is a predominantly Asian society , it should look to the whole world and seek out talent of all ethnicities to work in Singapore.In this , Singapore enjoys a great advantage in having English as its first language .
procedures for the submission of import and export declarations were streamlined during the year by the introduction of EDI . traders can now submit their declarations through the EDI service provided by Tradelink Electronic Document Services Ltd . , in which the government is a partner.The department &apos;s declaration counters in collection offices will be closed by April 2000 when submission of trade declarations by electronic means becomes compulsory .
people who do not know how to read or write are known as illiterates , people who have no knowledge of computer applications are said to be computer illiterates , and people who are unaware of the law are described as legal-illiterates . as for people who do not know about history , for lack of a better term , we shall refer to them as &quot; history-illiterates &quot; .
our tungsten lamps are better than the old carbon lamps . they are brighter and they last longer . the tungsten does not easily melt or break . there is not much air inside an electric lamp ; we have to take it out . air contains oxygen , and the hot tungsten could burn in it . usually we put some gas in the place of the air .
meanwhile , unknown to the Americans , Russian geologists were finding the footprints of megafloods in Siberia . not long after the Soviet Union collapsed , an American geologist named Vic Baker went over to take a look . earlier , in the 1970s , Baker had used a computer model to prove that the floods Bretz proposed were physically possible and mighty enough to have carved the Scablands .
many old buildings with historic significance have had to make way for our overriding goal to achieve economic growth and rapid urbanisation in the past decades . now that we &apos;ve realised the importance of keeping the old world charm of some areas which Singaporeans identify strongly with emotionally and an organisation is prepared to do the job , what we should have treasured and preserved have long vanished .
likewise , the PAP has taken in new blood in past elections to replace MPs who have retired . despite the thirst for talent , it has never compromised its criteria for recruitment , and the new MPs elected have proved worthy of their seats.Acting in the spirit , the ruling party will be able to win over to its camp those better and shrewder people should they emerge .
it is good that the government wants to do something about the country &apos;s preoccupation with material success . but it will be a losing battle if the family unit itself is not involved because I believe the committee &apos;s success is rooted in a revamp of an entire culture built from 37 years of independence.This makeover has to start with the most basic societal unit - the family .
it is a privilege to be here. today , together with other representatives of the International Campaign to Ban Landrnines , to receive jointly the 1997 Nobel Peace Prize . our appreciation goes to those who nominated us and to the Nobel Committee for choosing this year to recognize , from among so many other nominees who have worked diligently for peace , the work of the International Campaign .
in the supermarket , my coins were dropping all over the floor because of a hole in my pocket . a Malay youth behind me picked the coins up and returned them to me . he pointed at my pocket and walked away with a smile . as I watched him walking away from me , I kicked myself for having not thanked him in my state of confusion .
in implementing such a major policy as IT learning , the authorities should not neglect the fact that different teachers teaching different subjects have different demands , thus making it tough to see the policy through.Some teachers may have already acquired basic computer knowledge , but under the not-so-flexible rules and regulations , they will be compelled to attend training courses with those who have zero knowledge about computers .
in a highly competitive environment , the needs of the market usually give way to the need for competition . hi-tech companies invest huge amounts of money into new projects . to avoid intellectual property rights infringements , they must repackage similar ideas and technologies . as a result , redundant products flood the market . those who cannot grab a share of the market will suffer great losses .
in March 1996 , the Seventh and last steering Committee of the International Conference on Indo-Chinese Refugees met in Geneva . it was agreed that the CPA should end on June 30 , 1996 . in the case of Hong Kong , which then held half of the Vietnamese migrant population in South-East Asia , it was agreed that the problem should be resolved as soon as possible thereafter .
in July 2000 , the Administration introduced a Voluntary retirement ( VR ) Scheme to enable staff of 59 designated grades with identified or anticipated staff surplus to retire from the service voluntarily with compensation and pension payments . some 11 000 staff submitted their applications by the deadline in October 2000 . about 9 350 applicants have so far been approved , with the majority departing in 2001 .
if speakers at the Speakers &apos; corner use it merely as a platform for emotional outbursts , they will not have much of an audience.The Speakers &apos; corner is a totem of political democracy in Singapore , and we are optimistic about its success.Singaporeans who care about their country hope that it can be a corner for rational debate about various issues , not an emotional platform for clowns .
however , splendid edifices and a lively arts scene do not necessarily make Singapore a renaissance city . much still needs to be done before it can join the ranks of cultured nations . first and foremost , we must continually strive to raise the standards of our art works , the creative and performing capabilities of our artistes and the efficiency of our administrative and technical support personnel .
how could geologists have overlooked such an important process for so long ? perhaps because , as they scurried around like ants in exaggerated landscapes , it was hard for them to get the big picture . &quot; you go out there in the field , &quot; Waitt says , &quot; and once you get your eyes adjusted to the colossal scale of things you are just astonished . &quot;
his achievements today are obvious to everyone , and are examples for Singaporeans to follow . however , times have changed , and people &apos;s views of what constitutes achievement and success in life have also changed . how many successful people today will have the patience to serve society , to interact with people from all walks of life , and to make themselves respected members of society ?
get a compass . people don &apos;t follow leaders who lack direction . Estée Lauder , founder of the cosmetics company , has led thousands of employees to great success . she claims that every business leader she knows puts a clear picture of what he wants to achieve in his mind and stays focused on the picture.People want to follow those who promise -- and deliver -- success .
for them to switch from Singlish to Mandarin , it has to start at home with their parents and also at school . teachers are , after all , the best role models for impressionable young minds who spend a large chunk of their time in school almost every day . immersion in such an environment would help them learn and form the habit of speaking proper Mandarin faster .
for Singapore , the challenge ahead is to cultivate a new generation of Chinese elite ( and Malay and Indian elite , for that matter ) to be confident , appreciative and passionate of one &apos;s own culture without being chauvinistic . the sense confidence must not be accompanied by a sense of superiority ; one must be open and receptive to the merits and values of other cultures .
even an enlightened emperor in feudal China knew better than to overtax his people . emperor Tai-zong of the Tang Dynasty warned of the consequences of fleecing the population to satisfy the ruler &apos;s greed . &quot; it is like cutting flesh off your own leg and feeding on it － your hunger is allayed but you die soon after , &quot; he said , according to historical records .
electronic currency is not only about currency . it refers to an entire finance system on the Net . it includes a virtual numeric currency , an electronic system of withdrawals , transfers and loans , and Smart cards ( electronic purses ) of all shapes and sizes . the appearance of an electronic currency system implies the emergence of &quot; virtual banks &quot; and &quot; virtual enterprises &quot; .
electric trains have many advantages over those drawn steam engines . there is no smoke to soil the passengers , clothes and the cushions in the train . because they carry no heavy loads of coal and water , these trains can start and stop with less waste of power . in a station they are silent : there is no steam to produce noise to deafen the passengers .
efforts to prevent young persons from getting involved in the drug trade continued to be a main target of the narcotics enforcement strategy . In1997 , amendments to the Dangerous Drugs ordinance were made and implemented to provide for heavier sentences for adults exploiting young persons in the illegal drug trade . other plans include the proposed extension of the Superintendent &apos;s discretion Scheme to cover minor opiate offences .
cutting , coring and lectrically jolting a sheep embryo is a huge moral distance from doing the same to a human embryo . it took 277 trials and errors to produce Doily the sheep , creating a cellular body count that would look like sheer carnage if the cells were human . &quot; human beings ought never to be used as experi mental subjects , &quot; Shapiro says simply .
cleaner energy sources must be put to use quickly and broadly , both in the energy-guzzling industrial world and in developing nations , which cannot be expected to cut back on their energy use . ( providing sanitation , housing , food , refrigeration and indoor fires for cooking takes energy , as do the pumping and purifi cation of water and the desalination of seawater for irrigation . )
can you imagine travelling to work in a one-man submarine ? some scientists believe that some day one-man submarines will be as numerous as automobiles are today . a famous French driver says , &quot; One day soon , men will walk on the ocean floor as they do on the street ! &quot; perhaps during your lifetime people will travel , work , and live in the sea .
but perhaps I am just one of the lucky ones . a friendly Chinese non-Muslim ( I say &quot; non-Muslim &quot; here because Islam is a religion that cuts across races and is embraced by some Chinese Singaporeans ) taxi driver I met recounted his Muslim passenger &apos;s experience . a fellow Singaporean , a non-Muslim , had refused to let his child go into the lift with her .
be alert to fundamental shifts . &quot; the real issue in selling is recognizing when the story has changed , &quot; says Nicholas Sargen , global market strategist at J.P.Morgan &apos;s private bank . has a new competitor entered the fray ? how financially strong are the company &apos;s customers -- are they likely to change their spending habits ? has a price war erupted in the industry ? &quot;
at the Hamburg colloquium , we agreed that our record of achievements in the field of human rights , over the past 50 years , contained at least three flaws . first , we acknowledged that we are all guilty of double standards . we tend to criticise states with which we have little or no national interests and which are not in a position to retaliate against us .
as we strive to remake Singapore , we should be mindful that the term &quot; remaking Singapore &quot; should not be reduced to just a slogan . the drive to remodel the republic should focus on people to meet the urgent needs of Singaporeans as well as take a far-sighted view to lay the foundation for our future . in my view , the following points should be considered .
article 13 of the Basic Law of the HKSAR provides that : — The CPG shall be responsible for the foreign affairs relating to the HKSAR . — The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the PRC shall establish an office in Hong Kong to deal with foreign affairs . — The CPG authorises the HKSAR to conduct relevant external affairs on its own in accordance with the Basic Law .
archaeological studies in Hong Kong began in the 1920s and have uncovered evidence of ancient human activities at many sites along the winding shoreline , testifying to events over more than 6000 years . the interpretation of these events is still a matter of academic discussion.Archaeologically , Hong Kong is but a tiny part of the far greater cultural sphere of South China , itself as yet imperfectly known .
anyone with some knowledge will know that this was not an accidental hit . it was right on target . therefore , the American media should have posed these questions : why was the Chinese embassy the target for missile strikes ? why did three missiles simultaneously struck &quot; by mistake &quot; and with such accuracy ? alas , they are not at all interested in these obvious questions .
a sunny day in winter is colder than a sunny day in summer . this is because the summer day is longer , everything has a longer time to warm up and the sun shines more directly on the earth . in winter , the day is short , there is less time for everything to get warm and the sun doesn &apos;t shine more directly on the earth .
a murderer tends my garden . an executive in my company has a prison record for robbery . one of the best foremen in my factory was once wanted by the police in eight states . hundreds of my employees -- and my friends -- could tell you anything you want to know about life in a penitentiary . I could tell you myself . I am an ex-convict .
a few years ago , the Arts Festival announced a new emphasis on cutting-edge works . it also affirmed its mission of promoting the arts here . should the two objectives be in any disharmony with each other , I think there is no need to put them together and ask all local arts houses performing at the Arts Festival to attempt to be &quot; bold and innovative &quot; .
a combination of factors - such as scarce habitable land , concentrated transportation networks , an airport in the urban area , immense housing demand and a lack of environmental concern in the past - means noise from road , rail and aircraft operations continue to be major problem despite mitigation measures . construction noise is also a particular concern for residents living near redevelopment or new development sites .
Japan loses more than it gains with its contemptible denial and distortion of history , which is in stark contrast to Germany &apos;s positive attitude . Germany &apos;s courage to own up to its mistakes and be responsible for them is the reason why it has won the respect and acceptance of its European neighbours , and is able to live harmoniously with other members of the European Union .
I recalled my emotions of finding the remains of a boat half buried near the mangrove at Chek Jawa one day . what was left of it were the keel , the ribs and rusty engine parts . I was told that a group of Vietnamese refugees came ashore a few years ago . to avoid being put back to sea , they hastily burnt the boat upon landing .
I now quit altogether public affairs and I lay down my burden . it may be some time before I return to my native land , but I shall always follow the fortunes of the British race and empire with profound interest , and if at any time in the future I can be found of service to his Majesty in a private station , I shall not fail .
I believe that , by making use of the &quot; People Sector &quot; , &quot; Public Sector &quot; and the &quot; Private Sector &quot; , we will be able to achieve what BG George Yeo had said — that Singapore has prepared its &quot; Noah &apos;s Ark &quot; and that its people will sail together , make the necessary adjustments , and safely emerge from the great tempest &quot; .
China is fast catching up with us in terms of standard of living , yet many Singaporeans have not shed their outdated view - quite a number still have a condescending attitude towards the rapidly growing economic dynamo.One reason for this , I think , is that these Singaporeans have not studied ( or have never studied ) the history of China , in particular , its modern history .
5.Know what you &apos;re looking for in a cyberdate . you don &apos;t want to be romancing what you think is a one  night stand while your date is auditioning husband material . on the other hand , you may be seeking a longer  term mate , while the person on the other side of the martini turns out to be married and merely looking for fun .
while racial prejudice no doubt still exists in the United States , albeit in a less degrading form as before , it is hardly discernible in the Valley . what counts most is one &apos;s vision and track record , and not one &apos;s nationality , skin colour or creed . this , together with its multiracial society , informal lifestyle and agreeable climate , lure foreigners to its shores .
whenever we discuss the deteriorating standards of the Chinese language , young people tend to point an accusing finger at the stressful schoolwork as the cause . out of the average seven to eight subjects that secondary-school pupils study , at least six are taught in English . it does not make so-called economic sense thus to invest time in the Chinese language which is just a subject by itself .
we see this belief in the players who made it to the World Cup pitches and the support from their fellow countrymen . this belief was transmitted between the South Korean supporters and the determined South Korean team.That there was real disappointment felt at the South Korean team not being able to advance to the finals , was a showing of what dreams had been shared by the South Koreans .
we have to accept the reality : for the 40 per cent of Chinese students who come from English-speaking homes , Chinese is not a native tongue . it must therefore be taught as a foreign language . the method of teaching Chinese surely vary according to whether a student is exposed to it at home or uses it with his friends , or not at all outside the classroom .
we have nothing to be proud of . Singapore is clean because we have people to clean up after us . it &apos;s safe because the government enforces laws that deter even the thought of crime . it &apos;s a food heaven because we &apos;re such a pampered society that we actually want , not need , variety , and because we &apos;re such gluttons that we create the demand .
we have been stressing the importance of lifelong learning with the focus on keeping up with rapid progress in science and technology and management know-how . the little attention paid to language and culture leaves much to be desired . the irony is that we do not know much about the language of other ethnic groups even though we are a multi-racial country located at the centre of Southeast Asia .
we had been through unfortunate communal clashes and paid a heavy price for them before we embarked on the formidable task of nation-building . just look around and we can see what unending ethnic and sectarian violence is costing our neighbouring countries . should we not value and protect what we have at the moment ? we certainly do not want the tragic part of our history to repeat itself .
we can stop this trouble if we use a special rod . there is a material which we call invar . it is made of different metals . Invar never expands or contracts much , and so it is useful in clocks . if the pendulum is made of invar , the bob does not rise or fall much . so the clock keeps good time in summer and winter .
under the Basic Law , the Chief Executive is selected locally and appointed by the Central People &apos;s Government . annex I to the Basic Law lays down the basic framework as to how the Chief Executive shall be selected through local election . it , inter alia , provides that the Chief Executive shall be elected by a broadly representative Election Committee through secret ballot on a one-person-one-vote basis .
this year , the Adventure ship Project celebrated its 20th year of operation in Hong Kong . it is a registered charity which maintains the 27.5-metreChinese sailing junk , Huan , providing nautical training programmes for underprivileged and handicapped children . adventure ship is a member of the Hong Kong Council of Social Services and is funded mainly by the Community chest and the Hong Kong jockey Club charities Trust .
there &apos;s something else written on the can , though , which sets the drink apart . it says &quot; check out the source at opencola.com &quot; . go to that Web address and you &apos;ll see something that &apos;s not available on Coca-Cola &apos;s website , or Pepsi &apos;s the recipe for cola For the first time ever , you can make the real thing in your own home .
then an engineering student was trained to be an engineer . an accountancy undergraduate would end up being an accountant . a student studying medicine was destined to be ... what else but a doctor . and if you were inclined towards a PhD , teaching in the university would be your obvious end point . there were exceptions of course but these were .... as we say , exceptions .
the use of different queue numbers based on types of services is one such example . the problem begins when you need multiple services and thus more than one queue number . when you are done at one counter , more often than not , your number at the other counter would have been called - which means you will have to rejoin the queue and wait your turn again .
the top employees of the coming century will be flexible , creative and motivated toward making a positive difference in the world . they will seek balance , growth and fulfillment in both their work and home environments . the corporation of the future must respond to these needs and desires ; otherwise they will find themselves hampered by a lack of qualified people to accomplish the organization &apos;s work .
the tic , as the self-regulatory organisation of the outbound travel industry , is mainly responsible for improving trade practices ; formulating and enforcing codes of conduct and directives for the industry ; collecting statutory levies ; handling public complaints and enquiries ; and establishing membership criteria and maintaining membership records . member travel agents who breach the rules of self-regulation risk losing tic membership and the Licence to operate .
the passing of the competitive examinations was the prerequisite to an illustrious career in officialdom . many candidates spent years , and even decades , to pass these examinations . those who excelled would bring prestige and honour to their families and clansmen . China &apos;s traditional regard for learning has percolated beyond its shores , and is firmly rooted in overseas Chinese communities and in other East Asian countries .
the night when the results of Taiwan &apos;s 2000 presidentialelection were announced , angry crowds including members of the Nationalist Party of China , or Kuomintang ( KMT ) , surrounded the premises of the party &apos;s headquarters . waving flags and shouting protests , the indignant people demanded that Lee Teng-hui take responsibility for the party &apos;s defeat in the poll and step down as chairman of the KMT .
the need to cultivate a Chinese elite ( together with a Malay and Indian elite ) was first mentioned in PM Goh &apos;s speech at the National Day Rally last year : &quot; we must ... find ways to sustain a high level of to reproduce a core group of Singaporeans who are steeped in and knowledgeable about the Chinese cultural heritage , history literature , and the arts . &quot;
the list of those films deemed by the Pentagon unworthy of military support is equally revealing . Vietnam film Apocalypse Now were rejected -- one assumes because of their vehement opposition to the conflict . this created difficulties for Apocalypse Now , as director Francis Ford Coppola was forced to use helicopters and pilots from the Philippine army , who flew off regularly during filming to attack real-life rebel insurgents .
the dressing , which is being developed at North Carolina State University , also incorporates two other layers : a starch-derived polymer , which transports away pus and protects the wound as the chitosan breaks down , and an outer cotton gauze , which can be changed as needed without bother to the wound . the body eventually absorbs both the chitosan and polymer layers , leaving behind intact skin .
the completion of CT9 and the RTT will enable Hong Kong to maintain its role as the premier port for southern China well into the first decade of the next century . planning for a new container port at North-East Lantau , with a potential for four more terminals and over 20 berths , has also been substantially completed and could rapidly be brought into operation when the demand arises .
the Straits Times recently carried a series of reports on major cities in China . it was notable that the reporters kept using the word &quot; hip &quot; to depict what they had seen and heard.The word &quot; hip &quot; means trendy and keeping up with the latest fashions . it is truly refreshing to read the English-language daily describe a country with an ancient civilisation as &quot; hip &quot; .
the Secretary for Justice is the Chief Executive &apos;s legal adviser and a member of the Executive Council . she chairs the Law Reform Commission and the Committee on bilingual Legal System ; the latter was established to advise the Government on the promotion of legal bilingualism . she is also a member of the Judicial Officers recommendation Commission and the Operations Review Committee of the Independent Commission Against Corruption .
the Permanent Secretaries will act as the interface between Directors of bureaux and the Civil Service . under the direction of the Directors of bureaux , the Permanent Secretaries will be responsible for formulating and implementing policies , listening to the views of the public and the Legislative Council , explaining policies to these respective groups , responding to questions raised and gaining support from different quarters for government policies .
the PM said in his speech that it was not that the government did not listen to the people &apos;s views , but &quot; we cannot run a country based just on feedback ... The government must consider all views , the impact on every Singaporean , the balance between short and long-term interests , and then decide on one course of action that benefits the majority of Singaporeans &quot; .
the Customs Drug Investigation Bureau is the department &apos;s major investigative arm . its main functions are to conduct investigations and surveillance in cases involving illegal trafficking or use of drugs . the department worked closely with the Hong Kong Police Force , various provincial Public Security bureaux in the mainland of China and overseas drug enforcement agencies in the exchange of intelligence and in the arrest of drug criminals .
the Chinese saying that &quot; it takes 10 years to grow trees but 100 years to nurture a generation of good men &quot; which highlights the process and importance of education is equally applicable to the development of the arts and culture . we should not attempt to hasten the pace and hope for quick success . a conducive and supportive environment is needed to produce talent in the arts .
the Chinese cultural forum &quot; Towards the Next Century-A Cultural Dialogue &quot; , organised by Lianhe Zaobao recently , is a rare cultural feast . the discussions still reverberate in our minds . not only that . some interesting topics can be further deliberated upon . so let me take this opportunity to examine whether a society and its culture could gain honour by winning a Nobel Prize in literature .
the CPF Board must be satisfied that the applicant has truly been retrenched by his employer , and not someone who chose to be retrenched because he does not feel like working . the authority should also consider the applicant &apos;s family background before granting him access to the funds . the applicant must be above a certain age , and has CPF savings that exceed a certain minimum level .
so no , this is not another attempt at youth bashing . what matters most , after all has been said , is for our young to remember the PM &apos;s words . having visited China many times since 1971 and seen its transformation at close quarters , he said , &quot; It &apos;s scary ... you will be astonished by how quickly they have learnt and caught up . &quot;
similarly , there are non-Chinese Singaporeans who are interested in learning the Chinese language . do we have Chinese organisations which specialise in providing such courses ? perhaps the Japanese Cultural Society in Singapore , where many Singaporeans spend years to learn the Japanese language in a systematic manner , can serve as a model for us in designing professional courses for the learning of the Chinese or Malay language .
several thousand years later , on the other side of the world , the Tiwanaku culture in South America faced a similar climate challenge . between 300 B.C. and A.D. 1100 , the Tiwanaku built an urban complex that probably supported nearly half a million people . they sustained this dense settlement through raised field agriculture , a technique that improved drainage and recycled nutrients in the poor tropical soil .
results of last month &apos;s legislative and local government elections showed again the tendency for voters to go for &quot; popular figures &quot; - they are likely to vote for candidates whom they have seen on television or at least heard of their names , never mind whether these people are capable of doing the job . this is one sure way of electing ignorant and incompetent men as senators .
meticulous care is required in roasting this high quality product As the moisture in the leaves evaporates , the fire must be gradually lowered , only 150 gram are roasted at a time . then skilled worker roll the leaves lightly between their palms for 30 minutes . the finished product remains the original tenderness . it is said that Pilochum was already being produced in China 1,300 years ago .
local productions in the Arts festivals should provide the audience with what they are best at . yes , creativity in the arts should be encouraged . but artists should not expect overnight success . the National Arts Council and artists themselves should both have a reasonable understanding of what is achievable . setting ambitious plans without the ability to execute them will only result in performances that are unsatisfactory .
let us see what a gracious society we can become , and see things positively . let the government take steps by encouraging virtues , not discouraging vices . let us learn to look away from what we may lose out and instead treasure the newfound virtues we develop . we aren &apos;t a perfect society , but there &apos;s nothing stopping us from striving for graciousness and good manners .
later on , we observed that aluminium and boron , when irradiated by alpha rays do not emit protons and neutrons alone , there is also an emission of positive electrons . we have assumed in this case that the emission of the neutron and the positive electron occur simultaneously , instead of the emission of a proton ; the atom remaining must be the same in the two cases .
in China , students are not familiar with romanised characters . as such , they spend a lot of time trying to distinguish between the romanised characters used in hanyu pinyin and that used in the English language.In Singapore , the situation is different . students here have the advantage of being able to read and write in English . this makes it easier for them to grasp hanyu pinyin .
identifying target sports and providing them with additional resources for development is one of the fundamental pillars of Hong Kong &apos;s sports policy . in 1996-97 , $ 23.9 million was allocated to support the eight target sports : badminton , rowing , squash , swimming , table tennis , tennis , windsurfing and wushu , as well as football , basketball and rugby in the focus Team sport category .
from statistics and daily observation , it is perhaps true that more people are using the Chinese language . and the standard also does not seem to be an issue . but they have failed to see the truth behind the falling standard of Chinese . they are also worried that the debate in the Chinese-language newspapers will lead to more difficult Chinese textbooks and increase the burden on students .
for truly , although a government or international body cannot possess peace to give away or apportion , there are those who do possess it . those who own peace are us , as individuals who cherish life , not our own , but all others . the act of achieving peace lies in us when we choose to respect our differences and appreciate that all our lives are fragile .
for someone whose top priority is freedom , children will obviously get in the way . a child requires much care and guidance during the growing-up years . it is easy , for example , for a teenager to be led astray by bad company and misbehave . if he breaks the law , the parents are likely to be blamed too for allowing him to get out of hand .
first , and foremost , I &apos;m here to say &quot; congratulations &quot; . congratulations to Milisaps graduates . you &apos;ve labored long and done fine work , and we &apos;re here to honor you and wish you godspeed on your life &apos;s journey . congratulations to faculty , family and friends , who were there to support , encourage , and yes , to put up with you graduates .
exploration theatre continued to use the strategy of &apos; work-in-progress &apos; to devise better original plays and continued to provide a platform for local artists to produce original works including Where the shoes are and the musical Tina . the company also staged a successful re-run of Dragon &apos;s Legend . the company participated in a variety of primary and secondary educational projects and performed for more than 25000 students .
eighth , talent is highly valued whereas capital funds are less important , though the pursuit for personal richness is all the more intense than in the old economy.But a redeeming tendency is emerging , too . people are more generous nowadays in giving to the public by means of donations to charity , religious bodies , or educational institutions . they are more liberal with their money than before .
during the Jurassic to Cretaceous period , between 170 and 140 million years ago , Hong Kong was the scene of violent volcanic activity . thick accumulations of lava and ash were deposited . the eruptions were associated with the development of a number of giant craters ( calderas ) . at deeper levels , the volcanic deposits were intruded by molten magma , which slowly crystallised to form granite .
besides poaching talent from each other and making adjustments to programme schedules , there have not been more aggressive moves . as the competition is between two similar set-ups , viewers may be forgiven for not knowing which Chinese channel they are watching as both are flooded with Taiwanese variety shows . the contest also seems more like a race to purchase Hong Kong drama serials and Taiwanese variety programmes .
because chemistry is the science of the change and interchange of atoms and molecules , chemists study a variety of problems the drug that often , but no always , cures a disease ; the plastic that shatters when it becomes too hot or too cold ; the dye that fades when it is exposed to too much sunlight ; or the fabric that becomes old and worn too soon .
be that as it may , the majority in the Valley view this traumatic experience only as a temporary setback for the industry . they are sanguine that its longer term prospects remain bright as the ultimate potential of the information age has not yet run its full course.They are confident that it will flourish well into this century provided it maintains its cutting-edge in science and technology.Translated by Allen Zhuang
at the other extreme is active optimism . in the wake of China &apos;s economic might and growing international influence , the use of Mandarin has become more widespread . the big picture is one of China opening up to the world and global investment pouring into the Chinese market . some people believe Chinese Singaporeans can be expected to recognise the importance and enormous potential of the Chinese language .
at a recent literary seminar organised by Lianhe Zaobao , participating local writers expressed the feeling that Gao &apos;s achievement is an accolade to the Chinese language and this may help boost its status here . the impact of Gao &apos;s award on Singapore appears to be less on Chinese literature , but more to do with our affection for , and identification with , the Chinese language and Mandarin .
as the financial storm wrecks havoc over the Asian region , it is heartening to note that , in recent sittings of Parliament , MPs deliberated on the issues arising and proposed a number of long- and short-term strategies to cushion the impact of the financial crisis on Singapore . the political leadership has shown that it is not only resourceful , but also bold in tackling the issues head-on .
as quoted by Taiwan Daily , a member of the speech-writers &apos; team for President Chen pointed out that the speech , as a whole , had been intended to stress that &quot; Taiwan has stood up &quot; , and that the references to China and Taiwan having suffered bitterly in the past century had been meant to tell the world that &quot; Taiwan is not part of China &quot; .
and this is the American media &apos;s &quot; model of argument &quot; . in his four books on the American media - &quot; Manufacturing consent &quot; , &quot; necessary illusions : thought Control in Democratic societies &quot; , &quot; turning the tide &quot; and &quot; The Culture of Terrorism &quot; - American linguistic doyen Noam Chomsky argues that the American media has already become a propaganda tool for American terrorism .
and lastly , a new soul . knowledge economy is sure to make new billionnaires . the stocks &apos; worth of Microsoft had reached US $ 590 billiion by the end of last year , exceeding the year &apos;s GDP of Taiwan , Hong Kong , Singapore and the Philippines put together . it is no longer a myth that an individual person can be as rich as a country .
after relocation of the professional staff of the AMO to the head office of the Broadcasting , Culture and sport Bureau in wan Chai in February , the historical building of the former Kowloon British School at 136 Nathan Road , Tsim sha Tsui , Kowloon , was converted into a temporary Heritage Resource Centre . the building will undergo major upgrading in 1998 to improve services to the public .
a scheme for reporting smoky vehicles has been running since 1988 . all vehicles reported must be examined at a designated testing centre to confirm that the vehicle owners have rectified the smoke defects . since 1995 , when tighter smoke inspection and more stringent emission standards for new vehicles were introduced , fewer smoky vehicles have been spotted . the 18 test centres conducted about 26100 tests in 1997 .
a permit control scheme on the import and export of waste under the Waste disposal ordinance ( WDO ) ( Cap.354 ) came into operation on September 1 , 1996 . the scheme is fully in line with the letter and spirit of the Basle Convention on the Control of Tran boundary movements of Hazardous wastes and their disposal which provides a framework for controlling the movement of such wastes .
a derivative is a financial instrument whose value is derived ( hence the name ) from an underlying asset . for example , the value of a warrant depends on the value of the underlying share ( or &quot; mother share &quot; ) . or the value of a gold futures contract is derived from the current price of gold . derivatives come in two forms : options and futures .
a daughter of Chinese-Caucasian parentage was married into a Chinese family of many generations in Hawaii . on Christmas one year , she wanted to come home and visit her parents . the Chinese family would not allow her to do so , saying that that was the time of year the family observed the rites of visiting their ancestors . the family scolded her for not being very Chinese .
Thirdly , treat teaching-learning as a process of creativity training . creativity researchers have agreed largely that creative ability , attitude , and motivation are teachable . this brings about questions of creativity education . should creativity training be content-free ( independent of school subjects ) or content-based ( taught through the various subjects ) ? will students who have learn creativity through one subject be creative beyond the subject ?
Singapore &apos;s Chinese community will soon face a critical shortage of people who are proficient in the Chinese language . we need Chinese- language educators , as well as civil servants , businessmen , translators , journalists , artists , politicians and diplomats who are proficient in the Chinese language . moreover , we must prepare ourselves to meet the needs of Asia &apos;s economic development in the next century .
I therefore encourage you to take both English and your mother tongue language very seriously . they are both good for your future . those who are able to should also try and pick up at least a casual knowledge of another Singapore language , besides their mother tongue . it will open for you another window into Singapore &apos;s rich multi-cultural life , and a window to new friendships .
I had the fortunate privilege recently to be able to shoot one of my movies in Thailand . it was called Heaven and Earth , and it &apos;s coming out this year . I spent several months over there preparing the movie , and I was struck , as was my crew , by the spirituality of Thailand . by the concept of Buddhism immanent in every walk of life .
I asked another national serviceman what &apos;s the importance of showing off our defence hardware . his reply : &quot; the region isn &apos;t exactly stable . we have to tell others that they cannot take advantage and bully us . &quot; he was also one of those who had earlier told me that they would be doing &quot; nothing &quot; on National Day except watching the parade on TV .
I &apos;d like to say a few words about our China-U.S. educational exchange programs . it is not entirely new , this exchanging of students -- your president Xie earned a degree from Smith College in the United States . Smith is also my wife Nancy &apos;s alma mater . and president Xie also attended M.I. T. , one of our greatest universities of science , engineering , and technology .
Hong Kong has six main laws to control pollution . they are the Waste disposal ordinance , the Water pollution Control ordinance , the Air pollution Control ordinance , the noise Control ordinance , the Ozone Layer Protection ordinance and the dumping At Sea ordinance . most of these laws include subsidiary regulations and other statutory provisions , such as technical memoranda , to give effect to the principal laws .
&quot; when people hear a diagnosis of cancer , they automatically assume it &apos;s a death sentence , &quot; says Dr. Lee Rosen , a director of experimental cancer therapy at U.C. L. A. &apos; s Jonsson Comprehensive Cancer Center . but that attitude is changing as new therapies emerge . says Dr. Rosen : &quot; the number of new weapons is exponentially increasing . &quot; here are a few :
whether it is status quo or taking the American path , the choice will have a bearing on the nature of our society . hence , it should not be decided by the local media or a few elites from a certain social background . we should hear the considered opinions of the majority of Singaporeans . I wonder if anyone would make this an issue in the coming General Election .
when we talk about belonging , we attribute as the anchor our families and friends . these are the people who make Singapore feel like home , a place where we belong . sounds familiar ? you would probably have said that , that it is the synergy between people that creates the strongest bond . in times of national crisis , these bonds will matter in the fight for survival .
when I first arrived in Singapore six years ago , I thought that the country was very Westernised . only after looking deeper into its cultural substance did I realise that the Chinese here were very &quot; Chinese &quot; after all . I could even detect the &quot; Chineseness &quot; among some of my friends who could not speak Mandarin at all . what this &quot; Chineseness &quot; signifies is cultural .
we should devise our family records to suit our particular needs . even the mere drawing up of tables of descent may well be sufficient . if one &apos;s memories do not hark back to the more distant past , it would be sensible to begin the family-tree with our traceable immediate ancestors and those descended from them and take it from there . ( the writer is a retired lawyer )
we &apos;re at the park now so I am able to bend down and busy myself letting Mille out of her buggy . the tears that have stung all morning are out and falling fast . silently . Angeta hands me some tissues and takes Millie from me . she walks the children over to the swings the children over tothe swings and leaves me alone to just sit a while .
to reduce the response time in handling customer enquiries , a computerised system has been developed in 1997 for tracking and tracing items . it will also automate the accounting work with carriers and overseas postal administrations . the module for tracking speed post items was implemented in August . Modules for other functions , including registered letters and parcels , will be implemented in phases within the next two years .
this should be viewed with some concern . to a certain extent , it reveals a lack of sufficient trust between the government and the people . it also hints at the very real shadows that cast a pall over the people.We will need some time to adjust our mentality to its normal state . at this juncture , we can only watch how it develops and hope for healthy results .
this new outlook suggests , for instance , that the Akkadian Empire in Mesopotamia may have been one of the earliest complex societies felled by severe drought . the Akkadian Empire was estab lished around 2300 B.C. , linking rain-fed agricultural fields in northern Mesopotamja with irrigation agriculture in the south . the empire stretched from the present-day Persian Gulf into Turkey before it abruptly collapsed less than 200 years later .
they could allow the numerous schools a freer hand in proving their worth by putting their ideal of education into practice . their success will help rid the public of a blind faith in elite schools.And they could persuade high-level government officials to set an example by sending their own children to those less popular neighbourhood schools . this will help break the myth that only elite schools are worth attending .
these control measures have achieved a cumulative reduction of 6 200kilograms of organic pollution per day and the problem of waste from industrial , commercial and institutional premises being discharged into storm water drains has also been alleviated . a total of 20900 cubic metres per day of polluted effluent has been properly diverted to the sewerage system , which is equivalent to the pollution load from more than 70000 people .
there is no doubt that human relationships are much cooler in our metropolis today as compared with the days of the kampung , probably as a result of people &apos;s mind being increasingly focused on money and personal gains . contrary to many urbanites &apos; profession that money is not their top priority , the &quot; money first &quot; mindset makes itself felt in their words and deeds all the time .
then , in 1992 , alumni in Canada initiated the First Global Reunion of Nantah alumni in Toronto . thereafter , the event was held every year at different venues until 1995 , when it was decided that it would instead be organised once every two years . over a period of 10 years , eight worldwide reunions have been held , a number that all alumni could feel proud of .
the vacuum of space is a hostile , forbidding place : people must remain in high-tech cocoons if they are to travel or work above the lowest few thousand feet of the earth &apos;s almosphere . and living beings aren &apos;t the only things at risk . the very molecules of life -- amino acids and other organic substances-are subject to damage from the extreme temperatures and intense radiation in space .
the primary message for people who are interested to invest in the stock market is that they should ignore market timing and buy stocks for the long term . this strategy is simple and yet effective because stocks give good returns over a long period of time . this article will highlight strategies on how to allocate their money which could prove to be useful for investors between savings and stocks .
the orientation of Hong Kong &apos;s reform , however , is akin to those of other places . here , too , creativity is being emphasised , schoolwork burdens cut down , teaching made less exam-oriented , and students encouraged to take courses in various fields.This seems to be the general trend nowadays . all countries and regions must make such changes in preparation for the advent of a knowledge-based economy .
the history books are full of the total inability of parents , and maybe grandparents too , to convince their children how to live and what to do . a famous example of this is the letters Lord Chesterfield wrote giving good advice to his son . they are considered the outstanding examples of good advice . unfortunately , the son paid absolutely no attention to what his father told him .
the habitats of Hong Kong &apos;s coastal areas have experienced dramatic changes in the last decade , in parallel with the rapid rate of development in Hong Kong . inevitably , detrimental changes in the fauna have occurred , but counteracting measures are being taken with a view to protecting sensitive aquatic communities . these measures include the deployment of artificial reefs and the designation of marine parks and marine reserves .
the government and people have always had high expectations of the local media . journalists are not only responsible for transmitting information , but they also serve as a bridge between the government and the people . in addition , Singaporeans expect them to assume a host of responsibilities , including maintaining racial harmony , boosting a sense of national identity , protecting our core values and supporting the arts etc .
the councils encourage the formation of lifeguard clubs at their swimming venues to help maintain a steady supply of voluntary lifeguards to augment the regular lifeguard services . at the end of the year , 14 and four lifeguard clubs operated in the Provisional Urban Council and Provisional Regional Council areas respectively . to promote water safety , the Provisional Urban Council launched a water safety campaign in July and August .
the above criticisms seem as though a lot of nitpicking is being done on beautiful Singapore , but I believe other foreign tourists feel the same way . besides , I also noticed youths who are dressed more fashionably , or who sport alternative styles , pay scant regard to public civility by spitting , littering and cutting queues . they tarnish the world-renowned image of Singapore as a civilised place .
the Taiwanese people have had the sad and bitter experience of returning to the rule by their motherland . so , when the topic of reunification with China is brought up , some would ask , &quot; Must we go through that once again ? must we have yet another sad and bitter experience like that ? &quot; in fact , that &apos;s the way many Taiwanese look on the issue .
the Provisional Urban Council operates URBTIX ( Urban Ticketing System ) , a computerised system providing a full range of ticketing services primarily in support of cultural and entertainment events in Hong Kong through its network of 25 outlets . URBTIX services include counter bookings , reservation by telephone and credit card phone orders from registered patrons . in all , 3.9 million tickets were sold through URBTIX during the year .
the Chinese Indonesians who have lived in Indonesia for generations are the most reliable and loyal people who can aid in the development and prosperity of the country . please prevent these persecutions from ever happening again . we hope that all the different peoples of Indonesia , including the Chinese Indonesians , will stand together as one and rebuild their homeland hand in hand to meet a brighter 21st century .
the Chief Executive attended the APEC Economic Leaders &apos; Summit meeting in Vancouver in late November . during his stay , Mr Tung gave two keynote speeches at a CEO summit luncheon organised by the Business Council on National Issues and at a dinner with overseas HongKong Chinese Community leaders . he also delivered a speech at a reception hosted by the Vancouver Board of Trade and Hong Kong-Canada Business Association .
some bobs have a nut under them . the nut turns on a thread cut in the metal of the rod . when we turn the nut , we raise or lower the bob . the nut moves quite slowly along the thread in the metal , and so we can easily find the exact place for the bob . if we do this , the clock will keep good time .
section 145 requires the first directors of the company to be named in the memorandum or articles of association of the company . the Act does not prescribe the exact manner in which directors are to be appointed . this is a matter which will be addressed in the articles of association of the relevant company . ordinarily , the directors are elected by the shareholders at the annual general meeting .
reality seems to bear this out . they have no objections to sending their children to China for education and no opposition to investing in the Chinese property market . they are in favour of an early opening up of the three links ( or more ) - shipping , postal and commerce between the island and China . more important , they are able to accept the eventuality of reunification .
picking a name is , of course , a very personal matter . but while others should not interfere , they are expected to address the person by that name . a name containing Chinese characters that look familiar but are unpronounceable will either make them feel they are not knowledgeable enough or ponder the origins of the words . such a name will not serve much purpose , will it ?
now , as part of a new generation of heart-assist devices , Dr. Jarvik has developed the Jarvik 2000 , a device 20 times smaller than the original model . Dr. Jarvilc hopes that , if all goes well in clinical trials , people with failing hearts will be able to use his new device permanently -- or , in some cases , just long enough for their natural hearts reover .
not long after I moved to Singapore , a friend here visited me at home . when she saw my daughter studying Chinese , she exclaimed : &quot; why do you let your child learn Mandarin ? do you know how difficult it is to grasp that language ? many Singaporean children cannot cope with it , your children will find it even more difficult especially when you are from . &quot;
neither is the intention here to chide our young further . they &apos;re but products of their socialization . and who else but ourselves do we have to blame for that ? plus , unlike their Chinese counterparts , our young don &apos;t have the advantage of what I call &quot; a grand canvas &quot; , the kind youths in China enjoy , given the wealth of their history and culture .
most Filipinos do not have a good understanding of what democracy is . as a result , &quot; democracy &quot; has become a tool for a handful of people , who are rich and powerful , to seek personal gains . the second &quot; people power &quot; which ousted former President Joseph Estrada in January and a coup that attempted to topple President Gloria Arroyo on May 1 are excellent examples .
life should be varied and interesting , unexpected and changing . having said this , Singapore of course has more to offer than just convenient living space . the National Arts Council has done an extraordinary job in promoting our local artists . the building of the Esplanade shows the government &apos;s commitment to Singapore &apos;s arts and cultures scene . the question however is , &quot; is this enough ? &quot;
let me give you an example.Last October , I co-chaired a colloquium on labour relations at the Hague , in the Netherlands . a representativeof an European non-governmental organisation told us that it had succeeded in closing down a factory in Bangladesh which employed child labour . later , it found to its horrorthat because of the poverty of the families , some of the girls had been forced into prostitution .
last year , when I was in Australia on an official assignment , the public relations consultant who received me is a New Zealander who has been working in Australia for some years . she told me : &quot; I love Australia even though I &apos;m a foreigner here . but dealing with another foreigner like you makes me feel that I &apos;m an Australian . I love this feeling . &quot;
in this respect , Israel provides a good example . it emphasises the research of the basic sciences in its secondary schools , universities as well as its research institutes . even in the throes of a wartime environment , the country still puts a lot of effort into developing the basic sciences , cultivating talent and creating a conducive research environment to push ahead the development of the applied sciences .
in the past , when China was mentioned , whether by English-educated or Chinese-educated Singaporeans , it was usually with a heavy heart , though the reasons that caused the feeling were different.About 10 years ago , the government announced that Chinese-language signs would be put up at the airport and other public places to provide an oriental feel . yet the decision that seemed innocuous enough sparked a heated debate .
in the US , together with the monthly employment report released on the first Friday of the month , an important survey by US National Association of purchasing Management ( NAPM ) is released within the first three business day of the month , which tracks the economic movements fairly well . these two reports are considered by many as valuable adjunct to the Commerce Department &apos;s index of leading indicators .
in mid-1997 , the Transport Advisory Committee completed a review on PLB policy with particular regard to the role , regulation and control of green and red minibuses.In line with government policy to convert red minibuses to green , more new scheduled routes will be identified . during the year , a green minibus operators selection exercise was conducted and minibus operators were selected to operate a total of 10 routes .
in Aram Zova , in Aleppo , they tell a tale about Hakham Ezra Hamawi of blessed memory , concerning a deed which exalted him in the eyes of the gentiles and won him a name in all the cities of the East . this happened years and years ago , but old and young still tell it and bless the Lord who gave His wisdom to human flesh and blood .
highlights of the year included performances by the San Francisco Symphony Orchestra , China National Symphony Orchestra , Mark Morris dance Group , Pina Bausch Tanztheater Wuppertal , Cheryl Studer , Mischa Maisky , Ivo Pogorelich and Ann-Sophie mutter . the centre also played host to a series of programmes celebrating the reunification of Hong Kong with China including the Hong Kong extravaganza &apos; 97 and &apos; 97 Reunification music Festival .
founded in 1955 , Nantah merged with the University of Singapore in 1980 to become the National University of Singapore.In 1983 , the Nantah alumni Association in Singapore began organising a series of &quot; Nantah Nights &quot; which were attended by both local alumni as well as those from the various states in Malaysia . soon , the alumni associations in Singapore and Malaysia were taking turns to host these gatherings .
farmers have always had a particular interest in the weather be- cause it affects their work and the products of their work at all stages . they like just the right amount of sunshine , all coming at the right time . perfect weather is not normally provided and the farmer has to make the best of what he gets , so to plan his operations he reties on the weathermen .
by the end of August , an area of Hong Lim Park in Chinatown will be designated as the Speakers &apos; corner . citizens of Singapore will be able to make speeches there without having to apply for a permit from the Public entertainment licensing Unit.This will give a new lease of life to Hong Lim Park , which witnessed the most heart-stirring political strife and brilliant orations during the 1950s .
as the issues have to do with the survival of the nation , the press has been running articles penned by concerned citizens on why young people are not getting married and reproducing themselves . apart from criticisms and exhortations , some writers have also made suggestions to address the problems in the hope that Singapore will continue to prosper . I cannot help but wonder if the suggestions are workable .
a colleague of mine got married two years ago but still has no plan of starting a family . work remains her greatest source of pride . she spends 12 hours a day in the office every day and work is all that she talks about when she meets her friends occasionally . however , her competence at work does not extend to household chores which her husband does without complaint .
I remember watching a movie a few years back in which one character asked another whether or not he wanted nightcap . the context of that scene clearly indicated that the former was talking about having a drink before going to bed.But I was rather amused by the Chinese subtitles which had the first character asking the second whether he wanted something to put on his head before going to bed .
I appreciate so very much the members of Congress who have joined me in strongly condemning these attacks . and on behalf of the American people , I thank the many world leaders who have called to offer their condolences and assistance . America and our friends and allies join with all those who want peace and security in the world and we stand together to win the war against terrorism .
I also hope that those who used to write in their schooldays continue to do so and not to give up because of work and family commitments . I hope they can continue to make writing their hobby , to feel obligated to reflect society in their writings , to channel their emotions with their pens , and to continue the fine literary tradition of working hard without expecting any returns .
Hakham Ezra Hamawi was the Dayan , head of the court of the Jewish community in Aram Zova in those days . he opened his gates and his ears to the two Arabs and after he heard what he heard , he shut his eyes and put his hand on them , like someone saying the &quot; Shema &quot; -- and the stillness all around was as deep as the sea .
Chinese language teachers should not be just concerned with imparting knowledge . they should also assume the important responsibility of passing on the values of Chineseculture to their students.I understand and share the sentiments of Education Minister Rear-Admiral Teo Chee Hean , when he spelt out the Chinese language teachers &apos; roles at the 45th anniversary dinner cum official opening of the office of the Singapore Chinese Teachers &apos; Union recently .
&quot; have you ever noticed that if you smile at people , they smile back ? &quot; she asks . &quot; well , if you &apos;re giving , people want to give right back . if you &apos;re sure  footed , they want to follow in your footsteps . if you &apos;re confident about reaching a goal , others echo that confidence and try to achieve it for you . &quot;
while there are no precise statistical figures to show how much the standard of Chinese has dropped , the viewpoint of a user alone is a good indication of the declining trend . perhaps we may still be able to gather some language experts to maintain a semblance of high standard . but if the language is not used widely by the people , the presence of these experts will be meaningless .
this is the kind of man President-elect Mr S. R. Nathan is . if you ask anyone who has worked or come into contact with him in the past , whether they be civil servants , ordinary workers , seamen , grassroots leaders , union representatives or even the fruit-seller near his house , they have nothing but praise for him , and all have countless stories to tell about the man .
the unit consults widely with business and professional circles , political organisations and concern groups and the academic community . it undertakes in-depth examination of complex policy issues , analyses options and recommends solutions for the Government &apos;s internal consideration . the unit is responsible for co-ordinating the annual Policy Address exercise . it also provides secretariat support for the Commission on Strategic Development , which is chaired by the Chief Executive .
the stone cross fell from an old tomb injuring the girl , whose brother died as a baby eight years ago , in the stomach . her parents took her to a doctor , who sent her to hospital . she died Monday of the injuries . the couple , in their 30s , were taking flowers to decorate their baby &apos;s grave with their daughter and a second son aged 11 .
the quality of a computer &apos;s output is determined by the quality of its input . if your subconscious is programmed by chance , its output will have a corresponding character . you have probably heard the computer operators &apos; eloquent term &quot; gigo &quot; -- which means : &quot; garbage in , garbage out . &quot; the same formula applies to the relationship between a man &apos;s thinking and his emotions .
the picking season comes in early April . by the time , the peach blossoms are in full splendour . every morning , at day-break , the Commune members come out with baskets on their back to pick t leaves just the tiny shoot near the tip of each branch and the ten leaf next to it . it takes 120,000 such leaves and buds to make a kilo of this tea .
the park &apos;s attractions include a cable car system , various world-class features such as the atoll Reef , Wave Cove , shark aquarium , Bird Paradise , the butterfly House , and the 3500-seat Ocean theatre for marine mammal shows , and an exciting array of thrill rides . Middle Kingdom features a walk through 5000 years of Chinese history , and Water World provides great splashing fun during the summer .
the latest episode took place on October 1 , the Children &apos;s Day . my daughter took the boy out on a shopping trip . when they came home , she found she had lost her wallet.The loss of a few dozen of dollars , and even the ATM and credit cards , was not a serious matter . but the loss of her IC and keys to our doors was worrying .
the Yunnan Garden campus was then built on land that had just been cleared . the building was not completed , and the water and power supplies were less than adequate . I still recall that the water supply would be cut off suddenly , and many students who were taking their showers would not be able to rinse the soap suds off their bodies . it was quite embarrassing for them .
the Japanese occupation lasted for three years and eight months . trade virtually disappeared , currency lost its value , food supplies were disrupted , and government services and public utilities were seriously impaired . many residents moved to Macau - the neutral Portuguese enclave hospitably opening its doors to them . towards the latter part of the occupation , the Japanese sought to ease the food problems by organising mass deportations .
the Hong Kong Science Museum has long been the place for visitors of all ages to learn science in an entertaining way . during the year , 665000 visitors were attracted and the museum organised more than 385 programmes which covered science lectures , film shows , fun science experiment , computer classes , workshops for students and teachers , family activities and children &apos;s programmes with an attendance of over 43100 .
solutions to these problems cannot be achieved by any nation or region on its own . rather we must ensure that the multilateral institutions which regulate international trade and investment , are redirected so that they better reflect the needs of developing countries . South Africa as the current chair of the Non-Aligned Movement and your own country in the &quot; G7715 + China &quot; are able to make a special contribution .
so , terrorism is clearly against the teachings of Islam and everything it stands for . while irresponsible terrorists have &quot; hijacked &quot; the good name of Islam , Singaporean Muslims find themselves much saddened that their beloved religion , which stands for peace , has been maligned . at the same time , they realise that they have to play a bigger role in showing other Singaporeans what true Islam is .
since the Indonesian Constitution stresses that the more than 200 ethnic groups are equal in status , there is no reason why they should not enjoy equal rights and benefits.Associations and organisations of Chinese Indonesians which have sprouted across the country are now preparing to set up an umbrella body that can convey effectively to the government the aspirations of the Chinese community , and fight for the rights Chinese Indonesians deserve .
said the Dayan , &quot; Here &apos;s the matter . the woman will come home and make you coffee , as usual . and you -- after you drink the coffee , get down on your knees and gather up the crumbs of the dry cake from the rug . only after all the crumbs have come into your mouth , and your gullet , will all the cake be eaten . &quot;
one reason we have not been very successful with the humanities is that our students are not keen on subjects such as history , geography and the arts in various forms . the root cause , however , is that we have built a gigantic &quot; education pyramid &quot; to eliminate and select students at different levels , based on criteria already agreed upon , to pick the cream of the crop .
officials at the National Arts Council should be overjoyed . in spite of competition from the World Cup and the economic downturn , this year &apos;s Singapore Arts Festival was a Hugh success - 80.2 % of tickets for its core programmes were snapped up , an increase of 5 percentage points over the previous year . besides , audience for its non-core and free programmes also saw a 50 % surge .
not everyone can excel in their mother tongue language , and not everyone will put it to economic use . as a nation , however , we have to make sure that we have a large pool of people who are not just competent but highly competent in the mother tongue languages , and deeply immersed in their cultures . it will give us both cultural and economic advantage as a society .
moreover , artists from different backgrounds do not raise their doubts in similar manners . those from the minority communities , as they do not feel strong enough , may opt for ways that are more drastic and extreme . just look at examples overseas , minority groups which want attention will bomb an embassy - they see the use of violence as the best way to ensure that they are heard .
later , balloons were made in the shape of a cigar . these were called airships . they had engines to drive them along , and they could be steered a little . but they were still blown about by the wind . the hydrogen gas was dangerous , too . it caught fire very easily . there were many accidents and many people died . at last they stopped making airships .
it would be unfair , however , to compare a democracy born less than 20 years ago with the democracy of the US which has evolved and improved over the past two centuries . at least , in terms of its function of checking and balancing the government , the results of the recent presidential election in Taiwan have marked a new stage in the progress for the Chinese people towards democracy .
it has also become obvious the campaign has ventured beyond the original confine of promoting a spoken language . one learns Mandarin in order to learn more of the Chinese language and culture , and moreover , to have a full cultural experience . &quot; for the Chinese Singaporeans , Chinese culture and the Chinese language must be an organic part of their lives &quot; , said BG Yeo at the launch .
interestingly , there are several reasons why it is so important to distance oneself from the rest . let me illustrate through the game of basketball . when the score is 62 to 60 , 64 to 62 , 66 to 64 , and so on ( that is , the difference between the two teams is only two points apart ) , what would your answers be to the following questions :
in war , as appropriately pointed out by Sun Tzi , one cannot rely on the failure of the enemy to attack us . instead , one must be ever ready to take on the enemy . in addi-tion , the defence must be so strong that the enemy would not even dare to contemplate an attack . this proactiveness is thus not on-ly in defence , but in offence as well .
in particular , the HKTA organised the second Hong Kong Chinese New Year parade on the first day of the Year of the Ox , and the complementary three-day Health and Fortune Expo at the beginning of the lunar New Year . in March , in conjunction with the Hong Kong Food Festival , the culinary Awards competition was judged by 41 international gourmets , food-writers and chefs from around the world .
in co-operation with the Royal Film archive in Brussels , the Brussels Office organised a month-long retrospective of Hong Kong cinema in June . a gala film show was staged in conjunction with it . in the same month , the office was joint host of a gala dinner with the Belgium-Hong Kong Society and also organised a Hong Kong Food Week in a Brussels hotel in late June and early July .
in an effort to provide visitors with an even wider variety of quality tourism products , the HKTA continued to work closely with its member tour operators to encourage the co-operative operation of HKTA tours as well as the development of new tour products . theme tours currently under development focus on such areas as the development of Hong Kong &apos;s new airport , fung shui , bird-watching , heritage and architecture .
in 1995 , some ECVIIs challenged the decision to return them to the Mainland . the High Court dismissed the action and an appeal against this decision was rejected by the Court of Appeal . the appellants then took the case to the Privy Council , which handed down judgement in their favour on November 21 , 1996 . as a result , screening of these ECVIIs has to be carried out .
in 1992 , when campaigning in the presidential election in the United States , candidate Bill Clinton promised to directly link China &apos;s human rights records with Washington &apos;s decision on the Most Favoured Nation status for Beijing . that was nice to hear for the American voters.After entering White House , however , President Clinton did nothing to link the one with the other . instead , he just delinked them .
he listened to the quiet hum of the window fan and felt the still cool morning air that filled the bedroom . the studio picture of him and his wife on their silver anniversary made him wince as thought of her absence . &quot; I &apos;m still here sweetheart and I still miss you . &quot; he said aloud as he stretched back on to the bed and quickly drifted into sleep .
first , the nature and scope of the questions is diffused and aims at ferreting out one &apos;s versatility , not merely one &apos;s intellectual acumen , including especially the participant &apos;s familiarity with lighter topics like entertainment , sports , cuisine and famous landmarks . those with higher education , and are well-read , do not necessarily have an advantage over others less endowed , except perhaps during the final rounds .
environmental and safety issues associated with the illegal use of explosives and toxic substances to catch fish continued to be accorded high priority with some 164 kilograms of explosives being seized during the year . marine Police continued to assist other departments in their efforts to enhance shark prevention measures , to protect Marine Parks , to curb pollution and to provide search and rescue services within and outside Hong Kong waters .
despite the treatment , I felt well enough to drive home that afternoon . but the car was silent as grave . Wanda and I still could not talk to one another about our common problem -- my cancer . she was sitting in the front with me and looking fixedly out the window . Britty ( Kelly &apos;s baby ) was taking a nap , stretched out along the back seat .
at home , our children are frequently being bombarded with even greater pressure from their demanding parents to slog for top grades at all costs , regardless of their inherent abilities , and cramming them with excessive private tuition to boot . some parents would even object to their offsprings watching television shows or reading story books to relieve tensions , on the misguided fear that this would jeopardise their school work !
archaeology is silent on such questions as the ethnic and linguistic affinities of the ancient peoples . however , ancient Chinese literary records make references to maritime people known as &apos; Yue &apos; occupying China &apos;s south-eastern seaboard . it is probable , therefore , that at least some of Hong Kong &apos;s prehistoric inhabitants belonged to the &apos; Hundred Yue &apos; , as this diverse group of peoples was often called .
although the universe is wide and endless and the things in it are so different and so innumerable , &quot; There are no things in the world which are unknowable . but only things which are still not known , but which will be disclosed and made known by the efforts of science and practice . ( Stalin ) The miracle of the universe is beginning to be no miracle at all .
although security companies have a vested interest in talking up the likelihood of hacking attacks , they claim that many companies secretly admit to having been hacked . Mr Kruck says he knows of three US companies that have recently suffered serious attacks on wireless networks from dissgruntled emplyees or exempllyees . in each case , sensitive company data were stolen , including e-mails revealing details of the company &apos;s business strategies .
all institutions have their own hospitals or sick bays providing basic medical treatment , health and dental care . inmates requiring specialist treatment are either referred to a visiting consultant or to specialist clinics in public hospitals . although HIV infection and AIDS are not a problem among inmates , the CSD has established guidelines for its staff in handling such cases , as well as a programme of education and prevention .
after his first visit to Singapore in 1990 as the Mayor of Shanghai , Mr Zhu soon implemented a series of reforms based on Singapore &apos;s Central Provident Fund scheme and housing experience , which he modified to suit Shanghai &apos;s conditions , he told Singapore &apos;s media.During his recent visit , Mr Zhu updated Singapore on thelatest developments in China &apos;s reforms . his impressions of Singapore have deepened as well .
about 2,000 years ago , Wang Chong , a Chinese philosopher , discovered that it one rubbed a piece of amber with a piece of fur or wood , he could always produce electricity . scientists say today that the amber had become charged with electricity . when this happens , there are sometimes sparks , and the amber will attract to it small pieces of paper or other very light objects .
Singapore &apos;s beauty is not only reflected in the natural environment , but it also manifests itself in the hearts of its people . I was a tourist in Singapore for almost a month , and I had often found Singaporeans to be gracious , courteous , passionate , sincere and law-abiding . this is why public order and social conduct in Singapore are good . Singapore is indeed a civilised nation .
Hong Kong &apos;s natural terrain is dominated by mountains and hills with steep slopes , many of which descend directly into the sea . the seabed is relatively flat . the highest point in Hong Kong is Tai Mo Shan in the New Territories at 957 metres above principal Datum . the deepest point is 66metres below principal Datum in lo Chau Mun ( Beaufort Channel ) north of Po Toi Island .
HYF owned 77 vessels and operated 24 ferry routes , including passenger and vehicular services and licensed services . in 1997 , the company carried 84 000 passengers and 1 300 vehicles daily . fares ranged from $ 4.80 to $ 32 . elderly passengers aged 65 and above can enjoy concessionary fares , set at the same level as children &apos;s fares , on all ferry services except the deluxe class .
Firstly , we should dispel the idea that learning Chinese is only useful for doing business with China . in fact , the importance of the Chinese language arises mainly from the need to absorb our Chinese heritage and to turn it into a strong cultural foundation . this is important in our efforts to build a gracious society . this explains why the government strongly supports the annual Chinese Cultural Festival .
England &apos;s Industrial Revolution was the vanguard of this transformation , while Adam Smith &apos;s &quot; Wealth of Nations &quot; was the intellectual forerunner . during that era when &quot; gold was hot and knowledge was not &quot; , nobody realised the full weight of Bacon &apos;s words . today , at the threshold of the 21stcentury , his words have become the golden rule governing the new phase of human development .
Chen &apos;s action was an obvious and willful provocation and a high-stake gamble . one can only speculate on its timing . in view of the economic situation on both sides of the Taiwan Strait , its timing was absurd . for one can fairly say that ties between the two sides have undergone a sea change in recent years and Taiwan &apos;s economic future is now bound closely to the Mainland .
Cerami envisages multiple uses for breakers in pathologies wherein tissues lose flexibility . in glaucoma , for example , increasing the elasticity of the draining canal would prevent the buildup of pressure in the eye . ALT-711 could also renew declining lung elasticity and soften an enlarged and hardened prostate . but it will be at least 10 years until such drugs , currently undergoing clinical trials , are approved for humans .
with the sponsorship of the Hong Kong jockey Club charities Trust , the Central and Western Heritage trail , the first of its kind in an urban area was established in phases to present the early development of Hong Kong.The first phase , covering the Central District , was launched in October as a major Year of Heritage event . the other phases will cover Sheung wan , Western District and the peak .
while Chinese are the majority in Singapore , the constitution states clearly that all ethnic groups are equal and none shall enjoy any privileges . a sense of superiority by one group over another is not tolerated . besides , while the constitution allows the formation of a political group by people from the same race , advocacy of racism , discrimination against other ethnic groups , and prejudice against immigrants are prohibited .
what we should be even more concerned about is the attitude of young people towards our mother tongue and culture . some people from the older generation may have cut-and-dried views on the required standard of the Chinese language because of their background . but for students who are now under a new education system and language policy , there should be clear instructions on the standard of mother tongue to be maintained .
we made a hole in a cork and pushed into it a narrow glass tube . then we pushed this into the neck of a bottle which we had filled with coloured water . when we did this , some of the coloured water went up into the tube . we marked the level of the coloured water in the tube . then we put the bottle into a pan of hot water .
two large-scale exhibitions were staged in sha Tin Town Hall . the exhibition History through Chinese Stamps , with exhibits borrowed from the China National Postage Museum , was one of the programmes to celebrate the re-unification of Hong Kong with China.Another exhibition , organised jointly with the Hong Kong Designers Association , featured the winning works of the Asia-Pacific Posters Competition . the two exhibitions attracted a total of 14 495 visitors .
today , one may sing the praises of a country and turn a blind eye to its problems . but as soon as its ties with China sour , one starts being critical of it . is there value in this kind of research ? but I am glad to say that young Chinese scholars today are very independent-minded , we should see fewer and fewer of those who flip-flop toeing the line .
this reward will not be measured in money . nor can it be reckoned in the collective price of the rare metals and precious stones that rest in the bowels of the African soil we tread in the footsteps of our ancestors . it will and must be measured by the happiness and welfare of the children , at once the most vulnerable citizens in any society and the greatest of our treasures .
the situation now is very different from the past . the written word , in any language , has been affected by the change in society . changes like peace and prosperity , heavier work commitments , the proliferation of the electronic media and the Internet . it is impossible to turn back the clock . therefore , people who feel concern for the literary scene worry and feel a sense of loss .
the pendulum of a clock controls the speed of the clock . if we want the clock to go faster , we make the pendulum shorter , we call the weight at the bottom the bob . ( the pendulum is usually measured from the top point to the middle of the bob . ) We can raise or lower the bob and so we can have a shorter or a longer pendulum .
the findings of the second Writer-in-Residence , Mr ng Wan-man ( penname ng Huen-yan ) , on literary publications of the local literary societiesand bodies in the &apos; 60s and &apos; 70s will be published for sale by the council . a third Writer-in-Residence programme is being organised . since the reading programme began in 1984 , 171400 readers have registered with the programme and they have read more than 2.64 million books .
the author is the Permanent Secretary in the Prime Minister &apos;s Office . he presented at a seminar in Hong Kong on21 May a paper entitled &quot; Integrity with Empowerment : challenges facing Singapore in combating corruption in the 21st Century &quot; . following are excerpts from that paper on the need to provide better-educated civil servants with greater decision-making power , but at the same time continue to maintain a corruption-free government .
the Speakers &apos; corner will be open 12 hours a day , 7 days a week . so long as Singaporeans take it seriously and make a good use of it , it will greatly help discussions on issues concerning politics and people &apos;s livelihood.Then it will be far superior to the City Forum in Hong Kong , which goes on air only once a week , and an hour at a time .
the Observatory operates the Airport Meteorological Office ( AMO ) at the Hong Kong International Airport to provide services for civil aviation.Besides keeping watch and warning of hazardous weather over the Hong Kong Flight Information Region , the AMO provides flight documentation to aircraft departing Hong Kong . this includes weather forecasts for destination aerodromes , prognostic charts of significant weather en route and forecast wind and temperature data appropriate to cruising levels .
the Masjid Ammar and Osman Ramju Sadick Islamic Centre , filling eight storeys in wan Chai , was opened in 1981 and houses a Masjid on two floors , a community hall , a library , a medical clinic , classrooms and offices . the Masjid is managed by the Islamic Union of Hong Kong and accommodates 700 people but can hold up to 1 500 by using other space in the centre .
the IYHF has a global network of around 5 000 youth hostels in over 60countries . every year more than 4 million people see the world through this youth hostel network and hostellers contribute over US $ 15 billion to tourist revenues annually . the modest HKYHA subscription fee allows young people in Hong Kong to enjoy comfortable and safe accommodation in all the 5 000 global youth hostels of the IYHF network .
the Hong Kong jockey Club music and dance Fund was set up in 1979with a donation of $ 10 million from the Hong Kong jockey Club for the promotion and development of music and dance education . it is anon-statutory trust fund , administered by a board of trustees . in 1994 , the jockey Club provided a further capital injection of $ 22 million to meet the increase in demand for support .
taking every opportunity to practise his English ( and this was technical English , mind you , not just the kind tourists need ) , he made remarkable progress in two weeks . and when I - with the support of two international organizations , one based in Hongkong and another in Tokyo - organized an essay contest as a follow-up to the course , it was no surprise that alien did well .
swallows from England go as far as South Africa ; and as many as fourteen , marked with rings in England , have boon caught again in South Africa . from England to South Africa is a journey of 6,000 miles . and the birds not only return from Africa to England next spring , but often they come back to nest in the very same house where they nested the year before .
soon after news of the Japanese surrender was received on August 14,1945 , a provisional government was set up by the colonial Secretary , Mr ( later Sir ) Frank Gimson . on August 30 , Rear Admiral Sir Cecil Harcourt arrived with units of the British Pacific Fleet to establish a temporary military government . civil government was formally restored on May 1,1946 , when Sir Mark Young resumed his interrupted governorship .
some clocks have a different kind of pendulum . the metal rod holds a vessel and this vessel contains some mercury . in hot weather the rod expands ; So the bottom of the rod is lower . the bottom of the vessel is also lower ; but the mercury in it expands . so the top of the mercury is higher . the total result keeps the clock at the same speed .
since the Basic Law came into operation on July 1 , 1997 , Hong Kong has , for the first time , a detailed written constitution which is the most fundamental piece of law that the Hong Kong courts and judges have to apply , uphold and interpret . litigants are able to base their arguments on provisions of the Basic Law , and challenge actions that they believe are inconsistent with them .
religious services , which include hymn-singing , readings from the guru Granth ( the Sikh Holy Book ) and sermons by the priest , are held every Sunday morning . the temple houses a library containing a good selection of books on the Sikh religion and culture , and runs a &apos; starters &apos; school for Indian children aged between four and six to prepare them for English primary schools in Hong Kong .
people can live in harmony with one another only when they regain that simple and basic love , which alone will bless them with the endearing closeness of family life that can be found even in a small house , rather than a stately mansion complete with limousines . then , even though you were to lose all you have overnight , you would be sure of heartening support from bona fide friends .
on July 1 , the societies ( Amendment ) ordinance 1997 came into operation and the notification system was replaced by the requirement of registration / exemption from registration . during the year , 1 306 societies applied or were deemed to have applied for registration . no societies applied for exemption from registration and none was dissolved . a total of 8695 societies have been or are deemed to have been registered .
no one knows the cause of dislexia , but some scientists believe that it may result from chemical changes in a baby &apos;s body long before it is born . they are trying to find ways to teach persons with dislexia . Dislexic persons think differently and need special kinds of teaching help . after they have solved their problems with language , they often show themselves to be especially intelligent or creative .
needless to say , I had problems communicating effectively with my colleagues in English when I began working . fortunately , as my job often took me to Asian countries and required me to deal a lot with Americans , my English soon improved by leaps and bounds . however , that has not stopped me from continuing to speak Mandarin whenever possible and writing in Chinese to my family members and friends .
love and habit brought the old man to the row of strawberries that grew the south side of the small cottage he had called home for more than thirty years . the mid-morning May sun had warmed him as he worked to rid the plants of weeds and now he was feeling the effects of having stooped too long and felt the thirst that only a large tumbler of ice tea would quench .
language , spoken and written , is the most fundamental of all cultural abilites . man is a cultural animal , and the use of language is indispensable for a human being to learn about himself , understand his fellow creatures , and comprehend Nature.Our mother tongue is the medium through which we express feelings , convey messages , and form ideas while living in this world . this is an indisputable statement .
its main role is to support government departments in tackling emergency situations . volunteers are trained to perform duties during typhoons , landslips and flooding ; to search for and rescue people lost , injured or trapped in mountains , collapsed buildings or buried in landslides ; to combat forest fires and oil pollution at sea ; to carry out crowd control duties and provide communication services at charity functions and government events .
it is hard enough to master a langauge , let alone two . this is the drawback of the bilingual policy . but every policy has its merits and demerits . the language used by the younger generation may lack sparkle , yet when compared to the previous generation , they are able to move much more freely between two linguistic worlds . they also experience much less psychological burden in learning langauges .
it is difficult enough just to keep up with the advances in science and technology , what is more difficult , in my opinion , is to keep up with popular culture . popular culture , especially those emanating from the United States , moves at a bewildering pace . popular music , fashions , trends , teen-speak : they change as soon as you think you have gotten the hang of them .
in the March 2001 issue of Japan Close up , the writer , who contributes a regular column on education and the economy called New Ed-conomy , notes &quot; ..... the best whatever of the future - school , company , idea etc - will have no artificial divides . it &apos;ll be marked by its ability to cross boundaries , to promote synergy through an appreciation of multi-disciplinary learning or experiences . &quot;
in a nutshell , national education should be accompanied by legal changes that would accord its people basic civil rights . without this guarantee of basic civil and individual rights , a country &apos;s citizens would not be able to say that they are masters of their destiny . then there is no need to talk about setting up a law-abiding society or even creating a consciousness of the new concept of nationalism .
in Britain , speeches made in the Hyde Park corner are not regarded as mainstream public opinion . the media do not cover them , while people listen more for fun than for any enlightenment.That paradise of public speaking has become part of Britain &apos;s political tradition , serving a symbolic rather than practical purpose . given this understanding , the British people feel little burden in keeping the corner abuzz with speeches .
good progress was made in establishing Meteorological facilities and services for the new airport at Chek lap Kok . major Meteorological systems were installed during the year and put into trial operations to collect data . weather observations at Chek lap Kok continued throughout 1997 and the data were transmitted to aviation forecasters at AMO , enabling them to become familiar with the conditions at Chek lap Kok in preparation for operations there .
for young pupils , the Chinese language will almost certainly be sidelined in the course of learning . however , to lose our mother tongue and the rich cultural heritage that it embodies , young people also risk losing precious values that will serve them in life . although it is not an easy job to make Chinese-language publications attractive to young people , it is a task that has to be undertaken .
for the professional investor , he has to take another step of deciding the sequence of analysis . this will have an impact on how the investor divides his money among different countries and stocks . basically , the investor decides whether the market as a whole or the company itself is more important in determining stock prices . both factors definitely influence stock prices but the degree of influence is the issue .
for Princeton professors , every language is taught as a foreign language , building on the student &apos;s knowledge of English . they do not try to throw their students into the deep end of the pool — &quot; total immersion &quot; — and expect them to sink or swim . for example , text books — yes , even Chinese text books — contain explanations of vocabulary and sentence structure in English .
during the First World War , a well-known expert in metals was asked to investigate the problem of the &quot; pitting &quot; which spoiled gun barrels after they had been fired for a certain length of time . in this research , the first thing that he did was to order a number of barrels to be made of new steel alloys . one of these alloys contained a high percentage of chromium .
ancient Chinese were rather particular about names . they could be known by more than one name and nicknames as well . naming was truly a complicated process then.But if new generations of parents find even two or three Chinese words troublesome , something must have gone wrong in the way they perceive our cultural identity . other Chinese communities will probably be puzzled by the casual way Chinese Singaporeans treat Chinese names .
a Dangerous goods Information System has been developed to monitor all vessels carrying dangerous goods in Hong Kong waters . this system allows shipping agents to declare dangerous goods manifest via the Internet . in any accident involving ships carrying dangerous goods , rescue parties are able to identify immediately the substances being carried , establish the particular risks and initiate safe remedial actions to minimise the hazards to the people and environment .
Switzerland , a small nation with only seven million people , is right in the middle of Europe , surrounded by the industrialised countries of Germany , France , Italy and Austria . how does this small country maintain its independence ? how does Switzerland , with one of the highest incomes per capita in the world , earn respect from the international community ? what are the factors contributing to its success ?
Singapore can only become a food capital when the sole purpose of many tourists is to come to eat our food . or when they make sure that they would not miss our delicious fare even if it &apos;s just a one-day business trip . it is only when the mere mention of the name - Singapore - makes their mouths water , then can we regard our country as a food capital .
Hong Kong lies on the southern edge of an ancient land mass . the oldest exposed rocks are Devonian fluvial sediments that were deposited 400million years ago . the region was subsequently inundated by a shallow sea . Sediments laid down during this time are represented by the Carboniferous marble of Yuen Long and Ma On Shan . the sandy and muddy Permian rocks of Tolo harbour are of marine and continental origins .
Hmmm ... somewhat quirky idea but admirable , I thought . it &apos;s the first time that a Singaporean has expressed to me her interest in keeping a National Day goodie bag for posterity . then she turned to her 10-year-old daughter and said : &quot; let &apos;s queue up for the National Day parade tickets next year okay ? &quot; the girl jumped in approval as she said : &quot; yes . &quot;
&quot; much of Alaska , including the entire Aleutian island chain , rests on a tectonic plate boundary , &quot; says Mccann , &quot; Here the Pacific plate is slipping past and dipping beneath the North American plate . when the strain is great enough , the Pacific plate may slip violently down- ward.In this point , when the deadlock ends and motion of the two plates resumes , an earthquake will occur .
when technical analysis is mentioned , people often think of analysts plotting price movements of stocks , drawing lines to find trends , support or resistance.Technical analysis is the art of deducing probable future trend from historical records of stock trading . it is the study of the stock market itself rather than the external factors that influence the market . the most familiar indicators used are the price and volume of a stock .
traditionally speaking , the students will have to learn ( remember ) before thinking . teachers teach their students tolearn and remember before teaching them thinking . this sequence is questionable . if thinking helps learning , then thinking becomes a means to effective learning and remembering . this implies that the teachers will need to guide students in thinking as often as possible so that they will learn better and learn Chinese well .
through the provision of simple hostel accommodation , the HKYHA aims to help all , especially young people , to understand , love and care for the countryside and places of interest . the association is a member of the very popular International Youth Hostel Federation ( IYHF ) , an international non-profit-making organisation that aims to promote cultural exchange and international understanding by enabling young people of limited means to see the world .
there are also indicators that are broader that tell us about the economy itself rather than the component , e.g. employment figures , leading indicators , money supply figures ( M3 ) . inflation figures , produce Price Index ( PPI ) and the Consumer Price Index ( CPI ) will , in short , inform us of the changes in wholesale prices , cost of consumer ( retail ) goods and services respectively .
the term &quot; Chinese elite &quot; can be misconstrued as a group of Chinese Singaporeans who can only master the Chinese language but are not very good in English ( like the ME3 under the present system ) . but Dr Tan &apos;s suggestion of the term &quot; the Chinese-educated &quot; is even more inappropriate than &quot; Chinese elite &quot; , for that term has already passed into history more than a decade ago .
the mainlanders should respect the reality of two separate regimes that have evolved over history , and let us live on peacefully . some day , perhaps in another 50 years , when conditions are ripe , it will be no big problem for us to join with the mainland China either loosely or closely in the Village of Earth , just as European countries join with each other in the European Union today .
the council has subsidised national sports associations and non-profit-making organisations through the Sports subsidy Scheme since 1986 to promote participation in recreation and sport . in 1997 , subsidies amounting to $ 9.26 million were allocated to support 3722 projects , benefiting 290040 people.One example was a joint venture with the Hong Kong Table tennis Association to organise the low Table ping-pong Development Scheme to promote table tennis to children in the council area .
the arms of government receiving the most complaints were : housing Department , correctional Services Department , Food and Environmental hygiene Department , Government Secretariat , lands Department , Education Department , Social Welfare Department , Immigration Department , Transport Department , and the Hospital Authority . most of these have more frequent and extensive contact with members of the public and the nature of their services has a closer impact on the community .
the YTM is the current market interest rates , which could differ from the fixed interest or coupon rate paid by each bond . the YTM is determined by ( among other factors ) inflation , demand and supply of funds and Central Bank policy . on the other hand , the bonds coupon or fixed in-terest rate is determined at the launch of the bond and stays fixed during the bond &apos;s lifetime .
the SFCCA , on its part , has started kindergartens with a special emphasis on the Chinese language . it also encourages its members to promote Chinese culture by organising activities to mark traditional festivals . for years , clan associations with better resources have been working hard to get the younger generation to learn and appreciate the Chinese language and culture . among them , the Singapore Foochow Association has been most outstanding .
the Kowloon Masjid and Islamic Centre , on what is sometimes called the &apos; Golden Mile &apos; in Nathan Road , was opened in 1984 and replaced a Masjid built in 1896 . this imposing building , with white marble finishing , is adistinctive landmark in Tsim sha Tsui . the Masjid can hold about 2 000 worshippers and has three prayer halls , a community hall , a medical clinic and a library .
the Hubble Space telescope got an upgrade with the installation of its Advanced camera for Surveys . in just two months the ACS has already done more than open a new set of eyes to the beautiful world of galaxies and planetary nebulae that peivade our galactic neighborhood . now , the sharpest-ever visible-light images taken by Hubble are also helping astronomers confirm decades-old theories behind the fundamental processes of galaxy formation and evolution .
the Government values regular communication and consultation with staff . there are four consultative councils at the central level : the Senior Civil Service Council , the Model Scale 1 Staff Consultative Council , the disciplined Services Consultative Council and the Police Force Council . more than 80 consultative committees operate at the departmental level . a Civil Service newsletter is published quarterly to provide an added link with serving and retired civil servants .
take , for instance , the Agni Kootthu incident , it was really unnecessary for the police to turn up at the Drama Centre and to place the head of the arts group under arrest . foreign journalists who were present snapped pictures of the scene and made them available all over the world . the damage that has been done to our national image will take lots of public relation spending to repair .
six direct investigations were under way : the management of construction projects by the Housing Authority and the Housing Department ; the administrative arrangements for Hong Kong certificate of Education and A-level examinations ; the anti-smoking enforcement mechanism ; the Secondary School Places allocation and Relief mechanism ; the Hospital Authority &apos;s practices for dealing with missing patients ; and the funding of sports programmes and activities by the Hong Kong Sports Development Board .
second , since the trend towards the KBE is irreversible , it also brings with it formidable adjustment challenges with implications for firms , individuals , educational institutions and governments . these adjustment challenges may happen in the aspects of organisational structure , management , employment , investment , training , policies and regulations . the goal is to smoothly transform the current &quot; post-industrial economy &quot; into the future &quot; knowledge-based economy &quot; .
most Swiss housewives have green thumbs and like to arrange their colourful potted plants and flowers on their windowsills . wherever we went , we could see all the windows dotted with splendid colours , each a pretty little vignette of serenity . it can be seen that the Swiss take it upon themselves to beautify their country and keep it clean , and in the process , earning praise from the world over .
meanwhile , that investor would have dramatically protected himself from that other distinct possibility -- that the stock will keep sliding . assume that the stock drops by 50 ％ at the end of year one . if he bails entirely at that point , he &apos;ll still walk away with ＄ 7,000 -- 40 ％ more than he would have been left with if he hadn &apos;t been paring his holdings all along .
legislation to control noise from vehicles , a quiet road surface programme and a programme for noise abatement in schools are the major supporting measures that will help alleviate traffic noise problems . by 1997 , about 10 kilometres of noisy roads had been resurfaced with a special porous , low-noise road surface bringing some relief to about 14400 households . some 9200 classrooms were treated against noise , benefiting about 430 000 students .
knowledge has become a crucial factor in the progress of a country . the systematic application of relevant knowledge to economy and industries makes what we now generally call &quot; knowledge economy &quot; or &quot; knowledge industries &quot; .Only through education and training , which people receive from outside , and through thinking and selecting , which they carry on from within , can the huge volume of information be turned into systematic knowledge .
it has been reported in the press that the standards of both ‘ O &apos;and ‘ A &apos;level examinations have fallen . this means that to emerge tops in the relentless competition , schools will have to outdo each other in more areas , such as sports , the arts and leadership quality , in addition to just academic brilliance . this , in turn will result in even less time for learning Chinese .
is an insight into China &apos;s history really so important ? let me cite a real-life example to convince the sceptics.I have interviewed several Singaporean businessmen who have invested in China &apos;s western region in the course of my work . they told me an instance when the local government of a remote and backward part of China became really excited with some Singaporean investors who pledged to pump in money and management expertise .
in the fight against crime , the Police Force is strengthening its intelligence and detection capabilities against economic and serious crimes , such as money laundering and commercial fraud . Liaison with overseas law enforcement agencies has been stepped up to tackle international organised crime.Co-operation with the authorities on the mainland of China has also been enhanced to tackle trans-boundary crimes such as smuggling , illegal immigration and offences involving the use of firearms .
in recent years , the government has started nudging the people to be more innovative and creative . with new technology , products and businesses constantly emerging , and many newly developed countries fast catching up , this is indeed a pressing and necessary move . as competition in the global economy hots up , conservatism will not generate enough competitiveness . cultivating entrepreneurial creativity and innovation should be the greatest challenge of Singaporeans .
in 1997 , some 372 disciplined officers retired from the Force , 13 were invalided , 292 resigned , 45 were transferred to other departments , and 38were either dismissed or had their services terminated . likewise , 272 general grade , and 188 departmental grade civilian staff left the Force through various means such as retirement , transfer to other government departments , termination of their service , completion of contract or dismissal .
if we have used our eyes and ears , we have already realised that sound takes time to travel through the air . the sound of thunder nearly always follows the lightning flash although they happen together . and the appearance of a white cloud above a distant ship or train tells us , before anything is heard , that its whistle has sounded . just how fast does sound travel through the air ?
here Chinese is not so useful as English . or , frankly speaking , those who earn a living with Chinese make less money than those who work with English . in a society where money is all but everything , who would take pains at studying Chinese , which is not lucrative ? it is no wonder at all that Singaporeans are poor speakers or writers of Chinese as compared with other peoples .
hand-held percussive breakers and air compressors for construction activities are required to comply with stringent noise emission standards and to obtain a &apos; green &apos; noise emission label in order to phase out old and noisy equipment . in 1997 , about 1 600 labels were issued and there were five prosecutions for operating these products without a label . over 90 percent of the labels are issued to newly imported , quiet models .
functional constituencies which represent professional groups have electorates based on membership of those professions with well-established and recognised qualifications , including statutory qualifications . each individual member has one vote . the electorates of functional constituencies representing economic or social groups are generally made up of corporate members of major organisations representative of the relevant sectors . each corporate member appoints an authorised representative to cast the vote on its behalf in an election .
five weeks have passed since the opening of the Speakers &apos; corner at Hong Lim Park , but the reaction from Singaporeans seems to be less than enthusiastic . speakers are few and audiences meagre.Much of the enthusiasm is found instead in media and online discussions , where a myriad of opinions have been articulated.There are those who praise it and those who denigrate it ; those who embrace it and those who criticise .
first of all , the Nationalist Party of China , or Kuomintang ( KMT ) , which had ruled Taiwan for 55 years , was defeated in the election at last.It is now indisputable that the in-fighting between James Soong and Lien Chan within KMT made it possible for Chen Shui-bian , presidential candidate of the pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party ( DPP ) , to cometo power with a narrow margin of majority votes .
first , it has always stood up to its principles when confronted with strong pressures from the West to deviate from them.The Michael Fay episode is an example . while the caning punishment meted out to this young delinquent by the court was applauded by many Americans , some media there , nonetheless , called it barbaric and compared it with the inhuman treatment of black American slaves by the white American plantation owners .
by understanding the &quot; truth &quot; in human military history , we would know why the leaders of these countries put the cart before the horse in their national policies . instead of making the country prosperous and improving the people &apos;s lot , they would rather squeeze the people dry to fill up their private coffers , and to stash sufficient supplies of guns , ammunitions and missiles for any &quot; eventualities &quot; .
by 1940 Bretz &apos;s ideas had won the day , after a USGS geologist named James Thomas Pardee supplied the missing piece of the flood story . near Missoula in western Montana , Pardee found ripples on an ancient lakebed just like the ones that form on streambeds , but of absurdly large proportions : 15 metres high and hundreds of metres long . only a staggering flow of water could have made them .
birds , monkeys and spiders are very fond of butterflies , but there are some butterflies which are not edible . they have bad flavour and bright colour and this gay colouring serves as a danger signal to the birds , monkeys and spiders . these butterflies can fly freely in broad daylight ; While the edible ones have to hurry in terror for their lives through the very dark parts of the forest .
another advantage of being comfortable in our mother tongues is that these languages , too , have economic value . today , for instance , those having a good grasp of Mandarin find it easier to build relationships within China , and do good business with China . relating with the Chinese in English will not be the same as relating in Mandarin - even as the Chinese become more comfortable speaking in English .
age is also a factor . compared to childhood days , Chinese New Year seems to have become less fun and exciting as one grows older . I had spent a few years in London with my husband after we got married . we were both busy with our studies and had little money then . if not for those telephone greetings from home , we might not even have remembered Chinese New Year .
after deregulation of the fixed telecommunication Network Service ( FTNS ) market in July 1995 , the three new FTNS operators - Hutchison Communications Limited , New T &amp; T Hong Kong Limited and New World telephone Limited - have begun to roll out their networks and gradually introduce new services such as integrated services digital network services to compete with the dominant operator , the Hong Kong telephone Company Limited ( HKTC ) .
a close scrutiny of Chinese textbooks for primary and secondary schools here will show that the standard required of students has not been lowered . in fact , the trend suggests an increasingly higher demand . then again , what the textbooks require students to do cannot be equated with how much has been achieved . tough textbooks and examination questions will not necessarily produce intellectuals with a good mastery of the Chinese language .
a close friend of mine from China has become a Singapore citizen for some years . he manages his own business and can be considered fairly successful . yet he is always referred to by my Singaporean friends as &quot; that Chinese national &quot; . I have explained that &quot; he has long become a Singapore citizen &quot; , but my friends maintain that &quot; he is , after all , from China &quot; .
a Hong Kong-wide Summer Youth Programme , bearing the central theme &apos; share the fun , serve the Community &apos; , is organised each year for children and youth aged from six to 25 . social , recreational and community activities are held for participants to widen their knowledge , develop their skills , appreciate human relationships , understand the community in which they live and enhance their sense of responsibility to the community .
a Chinese cultural elite is someone who can appreciate and articulate the essences of Chinese culture with confidence and passion without putting down the values of other cultures . a Chinese chauvinist , on the other hand , is someone who is frenzied about everything Chinese , believing it to be superior to all other cultures . - In fact , it often means someone who lacks a full understanding of the Chinese culture .
Thinning-This could be a sign of either an overor under-active thyroid . the thyroid gland produces hormones that regulate a wide range of metabolic processes in the body including hair growth . if there &apos;s a thyroly condition it will cause a disturbance to the protein metabolism , causing hair to shed and thin . thinning hair can also be due to a nutritional deficiency caused by poor diet or even a crash diet .
Hong Kong &apos;s objective of reform , namely , to bring up young people who &quot; enjoy learning , excel at communication , and have courage for commitment and innovations &quot; , is definitely a worthy ideal.Yet one cannot expect to achieve the goal overnight . many problems have to be addressed . for one thing , the role of teachers has yet to receive due attention in the EC &apos;s proposal for reform .
Ferries are essential for travelling to Hong Kong &apos;s outlying islands and provide an important link to the new towns in the north-western New Territories . in the inner harbour , they are a supplementary mode of transport to cross harbour buses and the Mass Transit railway . existing services are provided largely by two franchised operators - the Star ferry Company Limited and the Hongkong &amp; Yaumati ferry Company Limited ( HYF ) .
6.Never drink on an empty stomach -- especially on a hot day . food will slow down the absorption of alcohol . if your stomach is empty , the alcohol will pass into your bloodstream more quickly . on a hot day , drinking on an empty stomach can be especially harmful . it can produce hypoglycemia ( low blood sugar ) , making you feel dizzy and weak and shifting your mood rapidly .
2 . the inspiring teachers not only impart knowledge , they also instil moral values in their students . one principal stated in his nomination : &quot; this teacher always makes creative use of ideas from the text books to enable her students to learn and acquire inperceptibly virtuous qualities of human behaviours . &quot; indeed , their dedication and infatigable spirit clearly demonstrated the very high level of achievment of the teaching profession .
with all watchful eyes fixed on him , Chen Shui-bian delivered his inaugural speech last Saturday as the new president of Taiwan.Across the Taiwan Strait , Beijing was closely following Chen &apos;s words . it was anxious to see whether the man who had once chanted &quot; Long live Taiwan &apos;s independence &quot; would , unlike his predecessor Lee Teng-hui , acknowledge that he is indeed Chinese and embrace the &quot; one China &quot; principle .
why is it so important that misconceptions about Islam are cleared up ? it has everything to do with a multi-religious Singapore that is strong and cohesive . if non-Muslims were to believe in stereotypes and inaccuracies about Islam and Muslims , their understanding would be based on a false image of Islam.This would in turn hinder the formation of genuine relationships built on solid trust , respect and understanding between Singaporeans of different faiths .
viewing the subject from this angle , it can be said that the task of isolating radium is the corner-stone of the edifice of the science of radioactivity . moreover , radium remains the most useful and powerful tool in radioactivity laboratories . I believe that it is because of these considerations that the Swedish Academy of Sciences has done me the very great honour of awarding me this year &apos;s Nobel Prize for chemistry .
under the &apos; release Under Supervision &apos; and &apos; Pre-release Employment &apos; schemes , and subject to the approval of the release Under Supervision Board , successful applicants may be discharged directly from prison for after-care supervision or permitted to go out to work and live in a designated hostel with after-care services . both schemes aim at enabling suitable , eligible and motivated prisoners to serve their sentences in an open environment with supervision .
to do well in this endeavour , the coordination among the various fields is essential . I hope our Chinese language teachers will employ creative teaching methods to cater to today &apos;s students , to encourage the students and arouse their interest in Chinese language subjects and writing , to introduce extra-curricular reading materials to students according to their abilities and interests and to change the impression of Chinese as a difficult and dull subject .
this would all be of merely academic interest if EDR1 was found only in Arabidopsis . but the gene is also present in the genome of unrelated species such as rice and barley , so it probably exists in most flowering plants . could knocking out this single gene , then , be a simple way to boost inducible defences across the board ? &quot; that &apos;s the $ 64,000 question , &quot; says Innes .
there is yet another reason for learning Malay which is the national language of Malaysia and Indonesia . mastering Malay means we will be able to communicate with 2,100 million Malaysians . due to a school system in which Malay is the main medium of instruction , Malaysians &apos; command of foreign language , i.e. English , has declined drastically and Malay appears to be the only language known to the younger generation of Malaysians .
there have been much talk on the worrying trend of young people who are unable to take hardship and not willing to lower their expectations . but the PM is optimistic about our future . he said : &quot; remember , we now have more human resources . we have a better educated people , all working in the English language , with higher professional , management and organisational expertise , and technological skills . &quot;
there are two types of options : a call and a put . a call gives the holder a right , but not the obligation , to purchase a share at a fixed price , known as the exercise price ( warrants and TSRs are essentially calls ) . a put gives the holder the right , but not the obligation , to tender a share and receive , in return , a fixed price .
the various records and indices provide details of wanted persons , missing persons , stolen property , outstanding warrants and missing vehicles . the bureau is also responsible for the operation of the &apos; enhanced Police Operational nominal Index Computer System &apos; which provides immediate case enquiry support to all operational officers on a 24-hourbasis . the bureau is gradually introducing a fully computerised system to house all records and to improve efficiency and effectiveness .
the traditional Eastern system emphasises building a solid foundation , and then build up the basic knowledge step by step . however , Eastern tradition places too much emphasison foundations . the insistence on rote learning robbed the initiative to make bold hypotheses about new situations and new problems . in the modern world , a solid foundation is not a bad thing for creativity . another trait of Eastern culture is humility in learning .
the set of economic indices started by Singapore &apos;s Department of Statistics in the mid-1990s has been instrumental in detecting structural changes in the economy while the country is growing in strength as a regional and global financial hub . recently , the authorities have come up with new statistic models even better attuned to the country &apos;s advancements . all this will help Singapore design even more pragmatic policies to ensure sustained economic growth .
the reason for this is that , when it gets hot , the volume of water increases . the reason why the water level went down at first is that the bottle became hot first and so it became a little bigger . the water went up in the tube because , when the water became hot , its volume increased , Nearly all liquids and solids get bigger like this when they become hot .
the prosecutions Division is headed by the Director of Public prosecutions . counsel from this division conduct most criminal appeals up to , and including the Court of Final Appeal . they also conduct the majority of trials in the Court of First Instance and the District Court and , when necessary , they prosecute in the Magistrates &apos; Court . the division also provides legal advice to law enforcement agencies and other government departments .
the library computer system became fully operational in March 1995 and now supports over 430 terminals . the system was enhanced during the year and now provides public access to the libraries &apos; on-time catalogue through the Internet . Renewals of borrowed library materials are now possible by telephone or through the Internet . plans are in hand to further enhance the system by introducing self-charging terminals and reservation of library material through the Internet .
the government &apos;s pollution-control strategy aims not to compromise industry and commerce , but to work in partnership with firms so that all may benefit from a better environment . there are often direct economic benefits to be gained from activities such as recycling and the adoption of clean technology in manufacturing . these methods are better than pollution control techniques that have to be applied after a waste material has become a potential pollutant .
the first incident happened about four years ago . my elder brother back in China was in urgent need of financial help . my daughter rushed to the bank , and got a draft of US $ 200 . she put it into the addressed envelope along with a letter to her uncle , and hurried over to the post office . then she left the whole thing on the bus when she got off .
the anti-Chinese riots on the eve of the fall of Suharto saw countless mobsters looting and burning Chinese districts . the violence and lawlessness shocked the world . it was also the last straw for Chinese Indonesians who had always suffered in silence . they rose to join the unstoppable reform movement to overthrow the totalitarian regime . a new government was soon elected , giving Chinese culture in the archipelago a ray of hope .
the Swiss people are always proud of being Swiss . Swiss living in any country in the world can retain their Swiss citizenship because Switzerland allows for dual citizenship.A Swiss relative of mine has been living in the Philippines for the past 40 years . this relative has become a Filipino citizen but she still retains her Swiss citizenship . she also retains her pride as a Swiss and her love for the Swiss culture .
the PBC was divided into two - a broadcast centre providing exclusive working booths for TV and radio broadcasters and sophisticated technical facilities for the host broadcast consortium led by Radio Television Hong Kong ( RTHK ) ; and a press centre providing the print media with exclusive work spaces and a large free seating area for some 600 journalists . all the necessary telecommunications equipment such as phones , faxes and datalines were provided .
the Next magazine in Taiwan does not mind being known as the weekly with the most famous or infamous paparazzi , better known as the &quot; doggie teams &quot; . it even uses an outline of a barking dog as its symbol . yet the strategy has worked in giving people something different to look forward to - and it has managed to find a niche for itself in an already squeezed Taiwanese media market .
the Hong Kong Heritage Museum , under construction in sha Tin , will be the largest of its kind in the SAR . it is being built by modern methods and techniques to a traditional Chinese courtyard design . when completed in 1999-2000 , it will have a gross floor area of 28500 square metres including a net exhibition area of 7500 square metres with exhibition galleries covering aspects of history , arts and culture .
sports and recreational facilities and activities are many and varied in Hong Kong . the Provisional Urban and Regional Councils develop and manage facilities which include sports grounds , playgrounds , indoor games halls , holiday camps , swimming pools and beaches . the two councils also organise training courses , sporting competitions and other activities for people of all ages and abilities , and encourage passive recreation by providing parks and landscaped open spaces .
some couples with genetic disease in their families will choose cloning as a way of avoiding what they regard as &quot; reproductive roulette . &quot; although the cloned child will carry the same problem genes as the parent who donates the nucleus , he or she will in all likelihood enjoy the parent &apos;s state of health and will be free of the additional risks caused by mixing both parents ? genes during sexual reproduction .
over the years , failure to appreciate the value of cultural artefacts which others embrace with open arms has occurred time and again . so it is unlikely that this latest episode will be the last.This tiny island-state seems to have no place for precious collections . when will it again turn its back on artists or collectors who are potential donors and who have no choice but to look elsewhere ? no one knows .
one threat that is notoriously difficult to quantify is the illegal pet trade . a report in the Conservation Biology suggests that earlier analyses have underestimated parrot poaching for the pet trade . &quot; our results are the first to demonstrate that poaching of nesting parrots is indeed widespread and , in many species , is occurring at levels that probably are not sustainable , &quot; says co-author Timothy Wright of the University of Maryland .
most investment processes include some sort of industry analysis . this is important because many studies have shown that over a period of time , some industries have per-formed better than others . for example , between 1987 and 1996 , banking stocks in Singapore have generated better returns than other industries such as ship repair . industry analyses will uncover these performance differences and help identify both unprofitable and profitable opportunities ( situations ) .
life abounds in examples . stories in the press about lawsuits between family members over disputed properties are not news anymore . in our forefathers &apos; time , however , family members helped and cared about one another although most people lived in poverty and hardship . they left their native countries for faraway Singapore because they wanted to earn a better living for their families back home by toiling alone in this strange land .
if we cannot get Singaporeans to change the values underlying their thinking and behaviour , efforts by the government to encourage marriage and procreation are likely to be futile.Married couples should not see a bundle of joy as a bundle of trouble . it is a delight to hear a toddler utter his first unclear sound of &quot; Papa &quot; or &quot; Mama &quot; . it is an even greater joy to watch him grow .
humanity is also about making the well-being of mankind as the starting point.What is the ultimate aim of our education ? is it to turn our citizens into cogs in a machine or people with individuality and the ability to think independently ? is it to encourage us to cultivate and nurture values dear to our hearts , or to allow us to lose our feeling of self-worth in the relentless tide of technological progress ?
hourly cloud pictures received from the geostationary Meteorological satellite of the Japan Meteorological Agency give general indications of tropical cyclones , severe storms and frontal systems approaching the south China coast . the Observatory &apos;s weather radar system at Tate &apos;s Cairn detects rain within about 500 km of Hong Kong and gives estimates of rain intensity and movement . information on thunderstorms as detected by a lightning location system is also available to forecasters .
horrendous ethnic killings have been occurring with regularity in our neighbouring country , separated from us by only a body of water . the indigenous people were merciless towards the immigrants . the victims were not only the Chinese , envied for their contribution towards the development of the national economy . immigrants who were of similar skin colour but who belonged to a different race were also killed in a brutal and gruesome manner .
highlights of dance programmes included performances by the Guangdong Modern dance Company and the Formosa Aboriginal singing and dance troupe in support of dance On &apos; 97 - the 12th International dance Festival and Conference organised by the Hong Kong dance Alliance . theatre programmes featured a wide variety of works by local creative forces such as No Man &apos;s Land , theatre du Pif , the Exploration theatre and the Chung Ying theatre Company .
gases , liquids and solids do not increase in volume at the same speed . the volume of a gas increases more quickly than the volume of a liquid , and the volume of a liquid increases more quickly than the volume of a solid . when they get hot , solids make the smallest increase in volume , liquids make a greater increase in volume , and gases make the greatest increase in volume .
from their point of view , there are no conflicts . in Christianity , God is a specific entity , but the &quot; God &quot; of Zen Buddhism is &quot; emptiness &quot; . under their leadership , their congregation would gradually understand the &quot; emptiness &quot; , and then be led to meditate on the Zen . the Pope in the Vatican would never agree to this , but nothing can be done about it .
for many students , the tremendous demand of schoolwork has already made them feel that learning the mother tongue is a strain . there is no reason to pile on the pressure by studying a third language . yet , after they have completed their education and joined the rat race , they may become more mature and may desire to learn a third language when the avenue for it is no longer readily available .
consider this example : an investor decides to sell one - tenth of his ＄ 10,000 position every quarter . at the end of year one , a stunning development causes the stock to double in price . if he sells the remainder of his stock at that point , he &apos;s still made a profit of ＄ 6,000 -- a return of 60 ％ . not a double , but not too shabby either .
by taking control of two Chinese newspapers in a single manoeuvre and thus destroying the last line of defence of the Chinese community , the MCA has angered the latter . for more than a year , the party has gone against the wishes of the Chinese community on many Chinese-related issues . ignoring opposition from the Chinese community to take over the Chinese press has pushed dissatisfaction with the party to an unprecedented height .
at the school where Mrs. Thompson taught , she was required to review each child &apos;s records and put Teddy &apos;s off until last . when she opened his file , she was in for a surprise . his first  grade teacher wrote , &quot; Teddy is a bright , inquisitive child with a ready laugh . he does his work neatly and has good manners ... he is a joy to be around .
aside from stressing the need for public awareness and participation to improve the environment , the document examined the progress of the government &apos;s environmental protection programme , set down the basis for action and explained new initiatives for improving the performance of the government and the community . it emphasised the development of collective responsibility , including sustaining the environment , private sector participation and the adoption of the &apos; polluter pays &apos; principle .
any permanent resident of the HKSAR who is a Chinese citizen with no right of abode in any foreign country may stand for election in any geographical constituency , provided that he or she is a registered elector on the Final register , has attained the age of 21 , and has ordinarily resided in Hong Kong for the preceding three years . electors may vote only in the constituency in which they are registered .
an automatic toll collection system was installed at the Cross-Harbour tunnel and Aberdeen tunnel in August 1993 , the lion Rock tunnel in August 1994 , the Eastern harbour crossing in September 1995 , the Tate &apos;s Cairn tunnel in May 1996 , the Western harbour crossing in April 1997 , and the Shing Mun tunnels and Tseung Kwan O tunnel in October 1997 , enabling motorists to drive through designated toll booths without stopping .
although Switzerland faces the problems of managing and balancing the different languages , the Swiss can still maintain harmony among the races . this is mainly due to the fact that they do not discriminate against any minority languages , and they have mutual tolerance and respect for one another &apos;s language and culture . moreover , they have a strong sense of nationhood which helps them smooth over the minor frictions within the country .
a couple of months ago , a Lianhe Zaobao survey revealed that 93 % of those interviewed preferred to remain silent when their views differed from that of the government &apos;s.This figure is disappointing . it is miles away from the image of a modern and ideal city-state that we are trying to build.We should do some soul-searching to see how this culture of silence came about , and resolve to turn the situation around .
Zuber &apos;s results confirmed that the northern cap is composed entirely of water ice , in some areas interspersed with layers of windblown dust and sediment . that piece of good news came as no surprise , because summer temperatures at the cap are high enough to vaporize frozen carbon dioxide . but the Global Surveyor also produced the first accurate measurement of the size of the northern cap -- and that was a surprise .
I couldn &apos;t find that kind of spirituality in this country , except , oddly enough , in the American Indian cultures where I &apos;ve been able to travel with some friends over the last few years . with the Sioux up north in South Dakota , and the Navajo and Hopi tribes down in the Southwest . it &apos;s been a very eye-opening experience for me to attend a sun dance , for example .
I am not sure if we should feel a sense of sadness , regret or shame . there is just too much emphasis on utilitarianism in our society . money is often the yardstick of what we choose to learn and what we choose to ignore . &quot; knowing history is not going to make me richer , I &apos;d rather learn to speculate in the stock market , &quot; many would predictably say so .
I am a descendent of a Chinese Indonesian family which hadlived in Indonesia for the past five generations . I am now happily living out my twilight years in Beijing . the looting , robbing , burning and the rapes committed against ethnic Chinese women in Indonesia in May this year left me in a state of extreme shock . for the past three months , I have been feeling uneasy , heavy-hearted and furious .
Hong Kong and Taiwan are part of China . in both places , Chinese is the working language and medium of education except for students majoring in foreign languages . of course , people in Hong Kong and Taiwan are more proficient in Chinese than Singaporeans.Malaysia still keeps primary and secondary schools in which Chinese is the language of instruction . pupils are taught in Chinese except for the subjects of English and Malay culture .
China is gradually putting its financial house in order and the growing importance of the Chinese economy in the global economy is increasingly clear to all . but if Singaporeans fail to leverage on the advantages that it enjoys over others in tapping the Chinese market , they are likely to find themselves in an awkward position where they can see the Hugh economic pie but are not able to get a share of it .
Beijing appreciates Mr Lee very much . in early 80s , while China was drafting its policy on Hong Kong , Deng Xiaoping hoped that a Lee Kuan Yew-like leader would appear in Hong Kong.He believed that , for Hong Kong to complete its historic return to Chinese sovereignty and carry out the policy of &quot; Hong Kong people governing Hong Kong &quot; , one or more statesmen with high political wisdom would be indispensable .
with the proliferation of Internet and Internet-related products and businesses , we can expect a myriad of new phrases , terminology and concepts . we need to come up with suitable translations for words , phrases , concepts and procedures . to do this , we must first understand what these are . therefore , translators and interpreters cannot afford to be lazy . they must make an effort to acquire these new branches of knowledge .
while in Switzerland , I found out that the schools in Zurich have begun a new experiment in education this year . from the first year of their elementary school , the students not only learn German , their mother tongue , but English as well . this new experiment is based on the premise that knowing English , an international language , would be an advantage for the people of Zurich , an international city .
while Germany has decided recently to compensate survivors of the Nazi slave-labour system , Japan is busy distorting and glorifying its wartime history , a move that has sparked strong opposition from China and South Korea . in the writer &apos;s view , the contrasting attitudes by Germany and Japan have led to opposite results : the former has gained the respect and trust from the international community and the latter has drawn criticism and distrust .
we do not need to show special deference to others , not even ang mohs . we do not owe anybody extra care or exceptional treatment . Asian leaders , including Mohandas Gandhi of India , Lee Kuan Yew of Singapore , and Mahathir of Malaysia , are good examples of neither humble nor pushy dealings with the Western powers . in our times , there is absolutely no need to fawn on Westerners any longer .
understandably , to this day the Chinese still find it hard to get out of the shadow cast over by a long history of oppression by foreigners . they always believe that Japan and the United States are trying to seize Taiwan , that foreigners will come and bully them again . that &apos;s why they press for reunification . but they don &apos;t understand why people in Taiwan are not in favour of immediate reunification .
this is not to advocate despair . it is in the first instance to urge that we safeguard the advances that the world has made towards our shared ideals , in particular we should protect and improve the means for collective and multilateral approaches to our problems . the best that any generation can expect to achieve is to make progress towards meeting the challenges that face it and provide stepping stones for those who follow .
there is a wholeness about the person who has come to terms with his limitations , who has been brave enough to let go of his unrealistic dreams and not feel like a failure for doing so . there is a wholeness about the man or woman who has learned that he or she is strong enough to go through a tragedy and survive , she can lose someone and still feel like a complete person .
the renewed concern about nuclear weapons in South Asia comes a little more than three years after the events of May 1998 : the five nuclear tests conducted by India at Pokharan in the northwestern desert state of Rajasthan , followed three weeks later by six nuclear explosions conducted by Pakistan in its southwestern region of Chaghai . these tit － for － tat responses mirrored the nuclear buildup by the U.S.and the former Soviet Union ,
the percentage of NCMPs should be raised to 10 % , in other words , allow up to 8 or 10 NCMPs in Parliament . they can also include the best losers from the ruling party . with 10 opposition MPs in the House , ministers and MPs will have no lack of opportunities to hone their political skills . this will improve the quality of debates in Parliament and make them more substantive and meaningful .
the light and heat energy from coal also comes from the sun in a roundabout way . coal was made by the rocks pressing on trees and plants which died millions of years ago . those trees and plants grew with the aid of sunlight , from which they made carbohydrates , in this way changing the sun &apos;s energy into chemical energy . when we burn coal , some of this energy is set free .
the Secretary for Broadcasting , Culture and sport oversees broadcasting policy , the aims of which are to promote choice and diversity through competition , while regulating programme standards to ensure that public standards of taste and decency are observed . broadcasting licences are issued by the Chief Executive in Council , and administered on his behalf by the Broadcasting Authority ( Ba ) , with administrative support from the Commissioner for Television and entertainment licensing .
such courses should be specially customised for selected civil service officials . the proposed intensive CL course focuses on the mastery of English-Chinese translating skills through a bilingual approach to the teaching of CL . it will not only make full use of learners &apos; fundamental professional concepts but also actively activate their metacognition and background knowledge in English , thereby enabling them to be a bilingual in their own professional area within a short period .
since 1987 , the two municipal councils have jointly organised the annual Hong Kong flower Show , which has grown in size and popularity each year . it provides many interesting activities such as horticultural talks and children &apos;s maze . more than 70 local and overseas horticultural organisations took part in the 1997 show held at sha Tin Park and sha Tin Town Hall . it attracted more than 450000 visitors over its 10 days .
salt can be obtained in various ways besides being taken from mines underground . evaporation of salt water from the ocean or salt water lakes or small seas is one of the more common processes for manufacturing salt . in Australia it can even be taken from a &quot; salt bush &quot; . yet , however it is obtained , salt will continue to play an important role in the lives of men and women everywhere .
recently , when I read what ( the Economic Adviser to the Malaysian Government ) Mr Daim Zainuddin said about Singaporeon the closing of CLOB — &quot; They didn &apos;t listen to us , they thought we were idiots . &quot; — I did not know what to think . it is hard to fathom that a leader of a country could utter such words . it was no different from how a child would speak .
of course , we need to ensure that there is no abuse of the system once the CPF savings are opened up for this purpose . there are several ways to go about this . for instance , the account holder can only withdraw monthly a certain percentage of his last drawn salary . he can also be allowed to withdraw his CPF savings for a period that is limited to six months or a year .
not all philosophies are evil , though too many of them are , particularly in modern history . on the other hand , at the root of every civilized achievement , such as science , technology , progress , freedom -- at the root of every value we enjoy today , including the birth of this country -- you will find the achievement of one man , who lived over two thousand years ago : Aristotle .
no margin of error was permitted in its compilation . all families within the clan must submit all births , death and marriages . only brief biodata were entered , including : his name , his parents &apos; names , his academic and other attainments , dates of his birth and death , his wife &apos;s name and birthplace , dates of his birth and death , names of his children , and his burial place .
my young friends , history is a river that may take us as it will . but we have the power to navigate , to choose direction and make our passage together . the wind is up . the current is swift . the opportunity for a long and fruitful journey awaits us . we have made our choice . our new journey will continue . and may it always continue in peace and in friendship .
most recently , Coke agreed to pay ＄ 1.85 billion for international rights to the Cadbury Schweppes line of soft drinks . Coke &apos;s new bottled-water brand , Dasani , is scheduled to hit the marketplace in late spring . even when Coke &apos;s earnings and stock price dropped precipitously last year in the wake of economic turmoil abroad , Ivester kept the company focused on shoring up its marketing and infrastructure for the long term .
more self-service photocopying machines in the libraries are planned in anticipation of the enactment of the new copyright ordinance . lending services will also be extended to include various types of audio-visual materials . with these improvements in services and opening of more libraries , usage by public continued to rise during the year . a total of 15.3 million items were borrowed in the year , and 31.9 million books were read in the libraries .
migrants returning to Vietnam are assured that they may do so safely and without fear of persecution . the Vietnamese Government has given guarantees that no returnees will be persecuted . returnees are also closely monitored in Vietnam by the UNHCR to ensure that these guarantees are fully respected . since March 1989 , more than 67000 Vietnamese migrants have returned home from Hong Kong and there has not been a single substantiated case of persecution .
it is a truism that one can best imbibe and appreciate a country &apos;s culture and civilisation if one is familiar with its language and customs . in this respect , both Britain and United States have an undue advantage over China as English is an international medium of communication . moreover , they also have a powerful and effective print , broadcasting and electronic media , which are potent tools to help disseminate their culture .
it is a fact that young men are more romantic than young women . young men fall in love at the drop of a hat . young women , on the other hand , are much more pragmatic when it comes to choosing marriage partners . men consider that being with their partners is sufficient to express their love . whereas women consider a man romantic only if the word love is always on his lips .
introduced with the aim of keeping its customers , measures such as providing customers &quot; dedicated berths &quot; , a stake in the corporation , and adjustments in fees are PSA &apos;s efforts to adapt to changing times . as the global economy is slowing down , it is necessary to respond appropriately . the reduced charges , in particular , should prove effective . however , a price-cutting war should be avoided at all costs .
in my country , we have viewed with admiration the extraordinary economic reforms undertaken by China since the third plenum in December 1978 . the ensuing economic growth , the enrichment of the lives of the Chinese people , and China &apos;s friendship , respect and concern for its neighbors contribute to the peace and strength of the entire region . the key to respect in the region is economic power rather than mere military force .
immigration and quarantine services , including advance clearance , may be applied for by radio through a ship &apos;s agent . the Western quarantine Anchorage provides these services around the clock , while services are available between 6 am and 6 PM daily at the Eastern quarantine Anchorages . an immigration anchorage which provides services at TuenMun between midnight and 1 PM is a particularly convenient facility forriver-trade vessels not intending to enter the central harbour .
here is a scientific experiment on the homing of birds , the facts of which are quite certain . a few years ago seven swallows were caught near their nests at Bremen in Germany . they were marked with a red dye on some of their white feathers , so that they could easily be seen . then they were taken by aeroplane to Groydon , near London ; this is a distance of 400 miles .
each year , the unit co-ordinates a major oil pollution exercise involving oil companies and government departments such as the Government flying Services and Civil Aid Services . the latest exercise was held in late August 1997 in the East Lamma Channel , the main traffic lane for ships entering into Hong Kong . delegates from the Shenzhen harbour Superintendency Administration , the Zhuhai harbour Superintendency Administration and the Macau Marine Department were invited to participate .
during the winter , the Kuroshio oceanic current brings warm water of high salinity from the Pacific through the Luzon Strait . the fresh water of the Pearl River has a lesser influence than in summer and water salinity is more uniform across Hong Kong . besides the Kuroshio current , the coastal Taiwan current brings cold water down the South China coast , which affects inshore waters , making the surface water cold during thewinter .
during the Festival of Arts , I went to see a Beijing opera put up by a Shanghai troupe . but I was stumped and at the same time tickled when one of the characters , Pigsy , lamented loudly that he had become an &quot; Ah Kwa &quot; ( Fujian for aneffeminate man ) after attaching a girl &apos;s legs to his body Ashis own legs had been sawed off and thrown away by demons .
despite nearly a decade &apos;s practice in the spoken tongue , many secondary pupils are unable to say a complete sentence in good Mandarin . they have to adulterate a Chinese sentence with words taken from English and Malay.They cannot read well , because many characters and words they have learnt before are deleted from their memory . nor can they write fluently , being unable to put down on paper words they still can say .
but it is status quo for now . &quot; we &apos;d rather die than submit if China forces reunification on us with its military might . we &apos;ve had a hard time freeing ourselves from the oppressive rule of the KMT , there is no way we would place ourselves under harsher control by the communist dictatorship ! just look at the overbearing manner the politicians speak , never mind the content ! &quot; they said .
being supported by the community and for the community , the School offers generous subsidies to individuals with genuine financial needs . the continuous financial commitment from the Broadcasting , Culture and sport Bureau has enabled more Hong Kong youths to attend outward Bound training . the bursary scheme donated by the Standard Chartered Foundation has given more than 100 disadvantaged young girls the opportunity to come on the 18-day courses in the next three years .
because of the St. Vincent Amazon parrot &apos;s status , trade of the birds is highly regulated . would-be owners wishing to import the animals must first obtain permits under both the Wild Bird Conservation Act ( WBCA ) , passed by the U.S. in 1992 , and the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild fauna and flora ( CITES ) . and only birds bred in regulated captivity can be legally traded .
as there was hardly any serious competition in the smaller products market , Japanese manufacturers were given ample time to build up their strengths . they were also able to improve their product quality substantially . Japanese products are now known for their superior quality that rival , and in many cases , even exceed the best that the Western manufacturers can offer . not surprisingly , Japanese products are now able to command high prices !
and parents who over-emphasise the economic value of education and the pursuit of high grades have , in fact , made the learning of the Chinese language an even more arduous task.Spontaneous efforts from the Chinese community itself are probably the best way to provide the impetus for the learning of the Chinese language . but to many who are used to decades of passivity , this will probably seem like a formidable and thankless job .
although I had come across the above examples by chance , they encapsulated a common truth : that racial harmony augurs well for the welfare of the people and the well-being of the nation . just as it was true in the past , this still rings true today . the situation in Southeast Asia today underlines the value of racial harmony . those living in harmonious societies should therefore appreciate their good fortune even more .
a few years back , director Ong Keng Sen &apos;cross-cultural experiment Lear was not invited to the Arts Festival . yet it won critical acclaim when it was staged here . many felt aggrieved for Ong and rapped the Arts Festival for not recognising a gem of a performance . two years after the event , Ong &apos;s second cross-cultural work Desdemona was made the curtain-raiser of the Arts Festival . but it was severely criticised .
Hong Kong continued to participate in the activities of international and regional telecommunications organisations . during 1997 , Hong Kong was represented in conferences and meetings convened by the International telecommunication Union , the Asia-Pacific Economic Co-operation forum , the Asia Pacific Telecomm unity , the Pacific Telecommunications Council , the International Maritime Organisation , the World Trade Organisation , and various conferences , seminars and exhibitions convened by the private sector in the telecommunications industry .
Fox never appears on our dinner tables , nor dog . but at one time , fox was reckoned a delicacy in Russia , as was dog in China . sometimes we admit that our strong rejection of certain meats is not founded in physiology but in aesthetics . we shrink from the thought of eating insects or singing birds , but we know that grubs and grasshoppers , blackbirds and larks , are served elsewhere .
English has been designated as the working language in Singapore , and hence the most important medium in communication here . with the successful Speak Mandarin Campaign now in its 20th year , the government has achieved remarkable progress in popularising Mandarin . now you can hear the language spoken everywhere , which is totally different from the colonial years . but this is not to be equated with a high proficiency in the Chinese language .
1 . making great strides in the development of science and technology . from mechanical kinetics to the Internet , from improvements in various surgical techniques to outer space landings and embryo cloning , the development of science and technology in the 20th Century has progressed at a pace beyond imagination , especially in the last forty to fifty years . breakthroughs in medical science and the invention of computers have transformed and extended human life .
&quot; before we made these measurements of the northern hemisphere , it used to be thought that the only way you could get water to the north pole of Mars was through the atmosphere , &quot; Zuber says . but because the northern cap lies at a lower elevation than the rest of the planet , &quot; water than you put down almost anywhere in the northern hemisphere is going to flow toward the pole . &quot;
&quot; before , our machines were like shotguns , &quot; says Dr. Brian Butler , chief of radiation oncology at Baylor College of Medicine in Houston . &quot; we &apos;d just blast away in a trial-and-error process . &quot; but peacock lets them bombard a tumor more precisely , and with higher doses of radiation . &quot; if you can do that , &quot; says Dr. Butler , &quot; you can kill more cancer cells . &quot;
worse still , with the War on Terror soon becoming a Conflict of Civilisations , American military power , no matter how strong or irresistible , will still fail to win the hearts and minds of the more than one billion Muslims . more and more people have predicted that the War on Terror will become a new , long cold war , greatly reducing any appetite Washington might have for any war across the Taiwan Strait .
with the sponsorship of the Hong Kong tourist Association , the AMO participated in the Hong Kong Exposition in Beijing , which was organised by the Hong Kong and Macau Affairs Office of the State Council of the People &apos;s Republic of China and the Xinhua News Agency - Hong Kong branch . a small display on the heritage conservation work in Hong Kong was staged . the exposition was held in March and attracted many visitors .
what is happening in relation to Kosovo , in these final years of the twentieth century , is deeply disturbing . on the one hand human rights set out in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights are being violated in ethnic cleansing . on the other hand the United Nations Security Council is being ignored by the unilateral and destructive action of some of its permanent members . both actions must be condemned in the strongest terms .
to this question , my answer would be something like this : &quot; I &apos;ll develop a strong specialization , preferably in something highly technical ( eg engineering ) ........ Then I &apos;ll work on a few core competencies - eg ability to write with exceptional clarity ; a disciplined mind that works well with numbers ; IT skills and the attendant traits they develop such as logical flow or flexibility ; capacity to cope with changes .
this reflects the important role secondary schools play in the nurturing of talent , especially exceptional talent . those exceptional talent whom I know all had their foundations laid in their secondary school days . in contrast , the education systems of today have a tendency to downplay the foundational subjects . instead , they are geared towards pragmatism and a desire for quick returns . this has detrimental effects on the development of science and culture .
this monitoring began in 1972 and provides a comprehensive record of the chemical , physical and microbiological quality of Hong Kong &apos;s waters.All the data are published regularly and can be made available to scientists and engineers on computer disks or printed copies . members of the public are usually more interested in the summary reports of bathing water quality , which are issued to the media and published in newspapers every two weeks during the summer .
this discussion of scientific terminology reminds me of something in Singapore : even some of the Chinese elite still find it difficult to master scientific terminology because of practical constraints , as it is not easy to run technical courses here in the Chinese language . my family doctor speaks perfect Mandarin , but when it comes to terms related to my sickness , we had to communicate in English . this is indeed a difficult problem .
there have been much discussions and opinions in the media , schools and on social occasions about the Prime Minister &apos;s &quot; 3 Ks &quot; . people have also been pondering over what the Prime Minister meant . why did the Prime Minister make such an observation when he spoke of the common characteristics of Singaporeans ? was he merely joking and being humorous , or was he being frank in reflecting the opinion of most Singaporeans ?
the shopping  cart strategyCarts are no longer just for grocery or discount stores . studies show that shoppers buy more at other retail outlets when they have a cart than when they don &apos;t . retailers such as Sears and Old Navy are now making carts available in some of their stores . and beware the size of shopping carts : the larger the cart , the more goodies we &apos;re likely to put in it .
the inspectorate and Management Services Division monitors the efficacy and efficiency of departmental policies and the management of prison establishments through its three sub-units , namely , the inspectorate Unit which carries out inspections and evaluation of service ; the Complaints Investigation Unit which handles both internal and external complaints ; and the Management Services Unit which studies and updates departmental practices to bring them into line with the prevailing policy and changing needs of the community .
the council regularly presents free cultural and entertainment programmes in community halls , playgrounds and open space areas for residents in the vicinity with programmes ranging from the traditional and folkloric to the modern and popular . during the year , 423 programmes were organised , attracting 272379 people . the Arts in blossom Scheme continues to give budding and amateur artists the chance to perform in open spaces adjacent to the council &apos;s major civic centres .
the KCRC also operates the Light rail Transit ( LRT ) system in the north-western New Territories in Tuen Mun , Yuen Long and Tin Shui wai . the system began operation in 1988 . with the commissioning of the Tin Shui wai phase III extension in March 1995 , the system route length is now 32 kilometres with eight routes , 57 stops and a fleet of 119 cars , either operating singly or in pairs .
some people think that a standard that allows people to communicate in daily life is all that we need . if people can be heard conversing in Mandarin at hawker centres and queues at the cinemas , it is evident that the problem is not serious . they are also naive enough to believe that our language policy will be a success so long as we nurture a small group of Chinese elites to hold the fort .
retain Import , a leading indicator ( usually about three months ) for the manufacturing sector , is still down . it fell15.6 % for 1998 . this spells weak manufacturing and electronics figures in the following two quarters . July &apos;s total trade figures fell 9.1 % , Singapore-made exports ( also known as non-oil domestic exports ) fell 2.3 % worse than expected , led by the 5 % decline in exports of electronic goods .
recently , I came across a commentary by Zhang Muqin in the Nanyang Siang Pau which a friend had brought from Kuala Lumpur ( The article was reproduced in Lianhe Zaobao on September 21-ed ) . I agree with what he wrote . as a Malaysiancitizen , I ( as well as many other compatriots working here in Singapore ) am not being unsupportive of my own country , but I do believe reason comes before loyalty .
people worry that effective corrective measures will not be instituted soon enough . climate does not necessarily change gradually . the multiple factors that are now destabilizing the global climate system could cause it to jump abruptly out of its current state . at any time , the world could suddenly become much hotter or even much colder . such a sudden , catastrophic change is the ultimate health risk that must be avoided at all costs .
marriages may take place at any of the 221 places of public worship licensed for the celebration of marriages , or at any of the 10 marriage registries operated by the government . four marriage registries are open on Sundays . during the year , 35295 marriages were performed in the registries and 2298 at the licensed places of worship . all records are maintained permanently at the General register Office in the queens way Government offices .
in 1997 , the Environmental Protection Department &apos;s inspectors made 24 700 inspections of effluent-producing premises . they took more than 6 400 effluent samples and conducted 22 800 laboratory tests . about 1830 written warnings were issued and 289 prosecutions against the non-complying dischargers were completed . these enforcement figures mainly represent inspection of most of the major and top priority dischargers , which are conducted at least four and eight times a year , respectively .
having been working and living in an environment dominated by the English language , my chinese-educated background is often &quot; belittled &quot; either consciously or subconsciously by colleagues or people in the same profession . some call me a &quot; Chinaman &quot; in jest . we should feel a sense of urgency in changing the mentality and narrow view of these people who stand to lose eventually if they continue to be biased against the Chinese language .
generally , the local people stay up until very late , but they have limited options in spending the night hours besides dining out in the ubiquitous eating centres.True , there are well-regulated red-light districts in Geylang and other places , as some Singaporean friends told me to suggest that life is &quot; colourful &quot; in Singapore . yet such night-spots can hardly epitomise the variegated nightlife that would lend vigour and charm to a modern metropolis .
garbage can also be a good source for making building blocks , which are then covered with concrete . now , more and more machines are designed for this purpose . some day , people will watch films in a magnificent cinema which has been built out of garbage . future buildings , roads , and cities may be made from garbage . but so far , building beautiful cities out of garbage is only a dream .
as for the meaning of life , it hinges on what conclusions one draws from one &apos;s own life experience . it is strictly a personal matter . can someone else judge or decide what is good for you ? and you can try telling singles the joys of marriage and having children , but they will have to experience it to be convinced . in short , they are unlikely to rush into marriage and babies .
and today &apos;s SINDIs are in no hurry to walk up the aisle for a second time -- they are choosing to go it alone . Raymond says . : &quot; in London there are three times as single women under 35 as single men . but many of these men are just not contenders as far as SINDIs are concerned . these women have been married once and this time round they won &apos;t compromise . &quot;
and , there are many views of many Chinas . let us cite a few of such views : one is based in economic development and known as the Greater China school - really of South China , including Hong Kong and Taiwan . this Greater China view sees a China that is actually physically smaller than China proper , but called &quot; Greater &quot; because of the outer regions which share in economic vitality and inter-connectedness .
all soil needs food . if we do not give it any the plants will be weak . animal waste is the best food for the soil ; but chemical fertilizers are also very useful . the same crop ought not be grown in the same place every year ; it Is better to have a different crop . a change of crop and the use of a good fertilizer will keep the land in good condition .
a recent news report I wrote about how a huge collection of Singapore books ended up in a library in Johor Bahru has caused a bit of a stir.To be exact , 50,000 books from a number of well-known Singaporeans ( some were said to be quite &quot; ordinary &quot; ) , found a home outside Singapore . these titles are excellent reference material . but the descendants of those Singaporeans did not want to keep them .
Taiwan Independence Party , which is the fundamentalist wing of the pro-independence camp , praised Chen &apos;s speech because it had spoken up for Taiwan and reflected &quot; the fact that Taiwan is already an independent sovereign state &quot; .but its mention of the people across the Taiwan Strait sharing the same ancestral background , complained the fundamentalists , carried a worrying twist of &quot; cultural China &quot; , which would weaken the sense of Taiwanese identity .
Taiwan &apos;s media and publishing industry has been flourishing since the restriction on newspaper licensing was lifted in 1988 . with cable television taking off in recent years , rapid growth in the entertainment business and highly intensive political activities , politicians and even the man in the street have become media-savvy and adept at using the media to their advantage . not having anything to report is the least of the many worries of media organisations .
Rumours swirl around the bazaars of the capital about what the Taleban has done with the treasure , which was excavated from a royal burial site in northern Afghanistan by a Soviet team during the Soviet Union &apos;s occupation.The team recounted how the 20,000 gold pieces included statues , necklaces , dress ornaments , pendants , hairpins and buckles decorated with precious stones.There were also plaques studded with jewels and a crown covered in pearls and turquoise .
Kuo Pao Kun was the first master dramatist in Singapore &apos;s history . what Singapore has lost , however , is not only an accomplished artist , but also a rare intellectual who believed in humanity.Said Chinese scholar Chen Sihe : &quot; the spirit of humanity can only grow in dialogue or even in disagreement with the times . any so-called academic pursuit that is detached from the times will be reduced to mere technical research activities .
I kept the conversations with Lisa as upbeat as possible , as if I were auditioning for a job on some candidate &apos;s spin machine.Typical conversations went like this : &quot; we &apos;re staying on the beach at Santa Monica , &quot; Lisa would say . &quot; we &apos;re about a mile from Venice Beach and really close to the Santa Monica pier . the hotel here is just beauiful . how are you guys doing ? &quot;
4 . according to Professor tu Wei-ming of the Harvard University , creative thinking should be supported by moral and cultural values . if one does not reflect , can one be labelled a creative person ? a person who does not reflect can be equated to a robot which is capable of increasing efficiency . in other words , he is merely an unscrupulous person who stresses efficiency and competes only for the sake of competing .
you know , as I do , that there is much that naturally divides us : time and space -- different languages and values , dif ferent cultures and histories -- and political systems that are fundamentally different . it would be foolish not to acknowledge these differences . there is no point in hiding the truth for the sake of friendship , for a friendship based on fiction will not long withstand the rigors of this world .
with wounded pride , the US , which is leading the war to safeguard peace , should be supported by the rest of the world . while no organisation has claimed responsibility for the attacks , actions against terrorism must remain consistent and the intensity must not dwindle too.Every country that advocates peace must be on the alert . more important , they should put aside their prejudices and selfish interests to root out terrorism collectively and relentlessly .
things will turn into their opposites if pushed too far , as the saying goes . adolescents , who are apt to rebel against authority , hate being ordered about . apparently , they may observe the bans imposed on them , but that is no victory for their superiors because resentment may be brewing deep in their hearts . the pent-up discontent may grow to form abnormal psychology in them , which will be even more harmful .
the term &quot; Chinese elite &quot; is indeed problematic . if there were to be a Chinese elite , it follows that there must be an English elite , a Malay elite , an Tamil elite and of couse , a bilingual elite . dividing the nation &apos;s elite into different linguistic streams may reflect the multifarious nature of our country , but it can also sow the seeds of disunity which may result in a national crisis .
the sky defies control , and information knows no bounds . in this era of Internet , national borders or checkpoints can do nothing to stop the flow of information , though they can bar the entry of humans . but where dams and dykes fail to curb the flood , canals and channels can work well to turn harm to good . more or less in this light , Singapore &apos;s media sector is being opened up .
the good story-teller tells his story simply and in a way which touches the heart of the audience . the good story-teller does not put himself at the centre of the story . his presence is often not noticed . we remember Shakespeare not as Shakespeare but through his works . Cao Xueqin （ 曹雪芹 ） might have woven his own life experiences into Jia Baoyu （ 贾宝玉 ） but no one except the scholar would have noticed .
the forecast that container throughput will reach 33 million TEUs by 2016 represents an average growth rate of 4.6 per cent annually . total cargo to be put through the port in 2016 would be in the order of 398 million tonnes , growing by 4.7 per cent each year . it is also forecast that by 2006 some 68 million tonnes of freight will be carried by river , rising to some 89 million tonnes in 2016 .
the ethnic Chinese MP who was attacked belongs to an Islamic party . he does not know the Chinese language and hardly sees himself as a leader of the Chinese community . however , the harsh words grated on the ears of many empathetic Chinese Indonesians . dozens of enraged Chinese community leaders gathered in Jakarta , wanting the MP to speak out against the unpleasant experience . but the MP chose to disappear from the public eye .
the Provisional Urban Council organised a total of 453 performances of various performing arts programmes attracting 323635 people . music highlights included concerts by the China broadcast Chinese Orchestra , the China National Symphony Orchestra , the San Francisco Symphony Orchestra , the China National Symphony Orchestra chorus , the Hong Kong Cultural Centre midsummer classics by the Lille National Orchestra and celebrated virtuosi Cheryl Studer , Pinchas Zukerman , Mischa Maisky , Ivo Pogorelich and Anne-Sophie mutter .
the Internet is transforming human life as we know it . in this global milieu , Singapore is gradually loosening its grip in many areas in order to maintain its competitive edge.The government is opening up avenues for people to air their views . the main significance of this lies in the fact that it provides a turning point for breaking down psychological barriers and building up mutual trust between the government and the people over this matter .
the Index of Leading Economic Indicators ( LEI ) in the US acts as an early warning system , telling us when the economy is about to change direction . this composite index of 11 leading indicators has a good record of providing accurate forecasts . the total index performs better as a prediction tool than any of its parts . this monthly figure is available on the last business day of the month and has low volatility .
the Immigration Department is tasked to exercise these functions . apart from controlling the movement of people into and out of the HKSAR , the department provides services to local residents including the issue of HKSAR passports and other travel documents , visas and identity cards , the handling of nationality matters and the registration of births , deaths and marriages . considerable effort also goes into detecting and prosecuting immigration law offenders , and removing illegal immigrants .
the Government monitors closely the turnover in the Civil Service for manpower planning purposes . overall wastage of the Civil Service in 2000-2001 was 3.1 per cent . given the importance of continuity at the management level , the Government has a well-established staff planning mechanism to review succession planning of senior staff and to identify and groom officers with potential for advancement to senior management , in order to develop a pool of talent for senior positions .
students have several opportunities to pass the Chinese ‘ O &apos; level examination . after getting their results , they can even opt for the less difficult Chinese B paper . it is said that this acts as a &quot; safety net &quot; for students who do well in all subjects except Chinese . however , in the eyes of many parents and students , this is just an &quot; escape route &quot; from having to learn Chinese .
scientists reported that tea leaves contain more than 320 kinds of chemical components . the most important is polyphenol . the tea polyphenol stimulates the salitary glands . it is why tea is thirst quenching . Tea leaves also contain trales vitamins as B1 , B2 , C , P and PP that are easily absorbed by the human body . Tea is gentle drink which rarely has any sideeffect . Tea drinker rarely suffers from kidney ailments .
now , with democracy , the voters ask for tax cuts and welfare perks from the government . this is also like feeding on one &apos;s own flesh . if the elected politicians honoured all the promises they have made , the people &apos;s desires would be satisfied but the state would perish.So , democracy forces politicians to tell lies , because the would-be decision makers like lies . he who refuses to lie won &apos;t get elected .
not recognising this truth , the remedies it provides are often ephemeral and sometimes even dangerous . solutions for threatening situations tend to be doled out in formulaic economic and political reforms.Often the reform requires the &quot; delinquent &quot; country to be more like America or Britain and its idealised democratic society . the UN fails to consider , however , that hundreds of years of evolution , not sudden imposition , gave rise to these strong democracies .
just look at the history of modern China . the country had been oppressed by various foreign powers until the 1911 Nationalist Revolution led by Dr Sun Yat-sen . soon later , China underwent years of war against Japan &apos;s aggression . after the World War II , the socialist People &apos;s Republic of China was founded . then came the Korean War and later the Vietnam War , in both of which China took an indirect part .
it does not matter whether women wear pants or men wear aprons . what is important is that everyone understands that the family is a place where one finds security and a sense of belonging . in fact , the family unit is the basic foundation for a harmonious society . the only way this unit holds together is when the man and woman in the family assume their respective roles and work together to fulfill their responsibilities .
it &apos;s certainly a proud legacy . because of -- or despite -- the bizarre training , South Korea dominates international archery . its women are by far the best in the world , having won every Olympic gold medal -- team and individual -- since 1984 , when the country first competed in Olympic archery . its men also consistently rank among the top medalists : they took three of the four golds last year in Sydney .
in China , many listed companies have invested heavily in Internet-related business . so far , nearly 10 percent of listed firms in Shenzhen and Shanghai are Net-related . China &apos;s Net-related stocks are taking shape.In Hong Kong , huge funds have been set up for investment in Internet technologies , including those for the cyber port and Chinese Medicine Port projects . 70 percent of Hong Kong companies are keen to increase their input in this field .
in American dictionaries , the first meaning of &quot; technology &quot; is defined as : &quot; the application of science , especially to industrial or commercial objectives , or the entire body of methods and materials used to achieve such objectives &quot; , and &quot; science &quot; is defined as : &quot; the observation , identification , description , experimental investigation and activities , and theoretical explanation of natural phenomena , or knowledge gained through these activities &quot; .
however , it does not matter how many people know him , orthat he is an ethnic Indian . what matters is the good rapport he has established with Singaporeans of all races and all social backgrounds . this enables him to set a good example for all Singaporeans , telling them that though we love our own cultures , traditions and languages , we can still overlook the differences among ourselves and love our nation as one .
however , as Singapore is a grown-up society , one can hardly fix a simple tag of &quot; good &quot; or &quot; bad &quot; to it . for example , some people grumble about harsh rules and regulations in this &quot; fine country &quot; , as Singapore is dubbed . here one is liable to &quot; fines &quot; unless he is very careful , they warn , because of all those &quot; don &apos;ts and mustn &apos;ts &quot; .
even more hurt and grieved are those old boys and girls whose mother schools were closed down for whatever reasons . as former students , they have nowhere to attach their memory ; as parents , they can find no schools that would accept their children on preferential terms.Perhaps , if anything , they could only curse their stars for having attended a school doomed to closure , a sad fact now putting their children at a disadvantage .
energy which we use to drive car engines comes from petrol , which also was made with the aid of the sun in a roundabout way . plants , and animals which ate the plants , died millions of years ago , and the parts of them that were left were pressed under the rocks in the earth . these parts left from dead animals and plants made petroleum , from which petrol and oil are now obtained .
deified mortals are revered in recognition of their feats . since Hong Kong has always depended on the sea - originally for fishing and then for trade -Tin Hau , the Queen of Heaven and Protector of Seafarers , is worshipped widely . during Tin Hau Festival , which falls on the 23rd day of the third moon , many worshippers visit the most famous Tin Hau temple at Joss House Bay on the Clear Water Bay Peninsula .
construction of the new airport police station at Chek lap Kok was completed in November . plans on airport-related projects , particularly the in-town check-in facilities , police facilities at various stations along Airport railway and manpower to police the road link to Chek lap Kok , were completed and tested to prepare for the opening of the new airport.The newly constructed Tung Chung Police Station was in place to serve an expected population of 150 000 residents .
but why is it important to know history ? some people may wonder . to understand the present of a nation and its people , you need to know its past . and knowing both its present and past will help you know its future . have we not been reminded often enough not to be rootless floating weeds ? and our roots are our history - not knowing our history is not knowing where our roots are .
but in the past few years , our two countries have enjoyed an explosion in the number of student exchanges . five years ago you numbered your students studying abroad in the hundreds . since then , 20 , 000 Chinese scholars have studied throughout the world -- and more than half of them have come to American schools . more than one hundred American colleges and universities now have educational exchanges with nearly as many Chinese institutions .
between 1984 and 1996 , EC produced seven reports altogether , making suggestions on various issues such as the specialising of teachers , the language of instruction , and the assessment of performance.After taking over as Chief Executive of Hong Kong SAR , Mr Tung Chee Hwa entrusted EC then headed by Mr Anthony Leung Kam-chung , member of his de-facto Cabinet , with the task of overhauling the education system and setting goals for the 21st century .
arrivals from the remaining major market regions were 1.2million from Europe , Africa and the Middle East down by 8.0per cent ; around 1 million from the Americas up 7.3 per cent ; and 400 000 from Australia , New Zealand and the South Pacific down by 7.1 percent . total visitor arrivals in Hong Kong in 1997 were 10.4 million , down by 11.1 per cent compared with 1996 - but 2 per cent up on 1995 .
and even as we continue to pursue economic success and material comfort relentlessly , we should not postpone or neglect our spiritual or cultural development . we should play a leading role as the country with the highest quality of lifestyle in Asia . at the same time , we should be patient and meticulous in fostering our own culture and ensuring its transmission to the younger generations . we may even be able to export our culture .
after the downfall of Suharto in May 1998 , Chinese Indonesians have been urging the new government to put an end to the discrimination as well as the insulting term &quot; Cina &quot; .Last November , when Chinese Premier Zhu Rongji visited Jakarta , President Megawati replaced the word &quot; Cina &quot; with &quot; Tionghua &quot; - the way Chinese were addressed when her late father Sukarno ruled Indonesia . the move won her praises from Chinese Indonesians .
a total of 106 foreign states maintained official or semi-official presence in the HKSAR , including 55 consulates general , 45 honorary consuls and six semi-official ( mostly trade ) missions . in addition , six international organisations — the Bank for International Settlements , the European Union , the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees , the International Monetary Fund , the International Finance Corporation and the World Bank — have set up offices in the HKSAR .
Thirdly , the combined number of seats of KMT , PFP and NP in parliament is still more than half of the total of 225 seats . they still subscribe to the &quot; 1992 consensus &quot; and the view that there is only &quot; one China but each side has its own interpretation of the term &quot; . they are also inclined to reunification and will doubtless act to counter any swing in favour of an independent Taiwan .
I was sure of the importance of reading to my students , though , and when I reached the end of my list of activities for them , I &apos;d sit down with a good book and read to them -- and it made a huge difference . sharing children &apos;s literature with students was my favorite part of the job and a favorite part of their day . the books came to life and fueled their imaginations .
Hong Kong is the home base for satellite Television Asian Region Limited ( STAR TV ) . it transmits more than 45 programming services in seven languages on 25 channels and has an audience reach of approximately 260million people across Asia , India and the Middle East , using Asia sat 1 as its primary satellite platform with additional services available on Asia sat 2and Palapa C2 . the STAR TV network offers subscription and free-to-air television services .
China does deny civil rights , and its society is not perfect , no society is perfect . but your grandmother and I were very impressed by the energy of the Chinese people , their work ethic , their pride in their country and culture , their practicality , and the rapid development of the Chinese economy . we flew all over China , in planes that were all new , made by Boeing in a Chinese plant .
4 . the disaster caused by the antagonism between ideologies . ideology is no longer a philosophical debate , but a tool employed by ambitious politicians and armchair idealists . ideology remains a scourge today , but it is often disguised under various names and theories , and therefore hardly discernible . in this aspect , there is a similar need for the raising of the people &apos;s intellect and a perfect balance between politics and the law .
within the first five years of the next century , a team of scientists somewhere in the wor1d will probably announce the birth of the first cloned human baby . like Louise Brown , the first child born as the result of in vitro fertilization 21 years ago , the cloned infant will be showered with media attention . but within a few years it will be just one PF hundreds or thousands of such children around the wrld .
when decisions are made by all people , particularly when they are exercising their right to vote , there are also candidates who try to please the voters with sweet talks.For example , they promise to boost economy and raise income for the population ; to carry out political reforms and put an end to money politics ; or to hand the ruling-party-linked businesses over to the custody of trust companies and delink all political parties from business interests .
when a tropical cyclone is about 700 to 1 000 kilometres South-East of Hong Kong , the weather is usually fine and exceptionally hot , but isolated thunderstorms sometimes occur in the evenings . if the cyclone &apos;s centre comes closer to Hong Kong , winds will increase and rain can become heavy and widespread . the heavy rain may last for a few days , and subsequent landslips and flooding sometimes cause considerably more damage than the winds .
the passenger terminal building , with a gross floor area of 516 000 square metres at airport opening , dominated the landscape on Chek LapKok . during the year , the work focus moved from the exterior to the interior of the building . the structural and building services work were substantially complete by the year &apos;s end , and the installation and integration of the airport &apos;s vital and all-embracing communications and security systems were well under way .
the main disadvantage of corporate bonds is that an investor only indirectly participates in the company &apos;s success , through its credit-worthiness , but other- wise will not benefit from corporate ex-pansion in the way that equity holders will has no participation in the company &apos;s suc-cess.On the other hand , absolute risk is lower than for equities because coupon payments cannot be waived and , in the event of a default , bondholders are ranked highly among creditors .
the government &apos;s policies on recreation , sport , culture and heritage matters are co-ordinated by the Broadcasting , Culture and sport Bureau headed by the Secretary for Broadcasting , Culture and sport . he is assisted by several expert bodies , including the Hong Kong Arts Development Council , the Antiquities Advisory Board and the Hong Kong Sports Development Board . many other individuals and associations also play a role in creating and improving opportunities for leisure activities .
the development of e-commerce may well bring the world into a brand new era of &quot; electronic currency &quot; . with the emergence of a phantom electronic currency , everyone of us would be affected . at the moment , developed areas in Europe , the United States and Asia are already studying the possibility of an electronic currency . the main publication of the Association of electrical Engineers of America even devoted a special edition to electronic currency .
the Beijing Office regularly organises activities to promote Hong Kong with a view to enhancing the Mainland people &apos;s understanding of Hong Kong &apos;s systems and latest developments , strengthening trade and economic links , as well as facilitating exchanges between Hong Kong and the Mainland . in 2001 , the Beijing Office planned and assisted in the implementation of the HKSAR delegation &apos;s visit to the Western Region . it also organised promotional activities in Chongqing and Ningxia .
several organisations help the CSD provide services to help inmates reintegrate into the community . these include the Society for the rehabilitation of offenders , Hong Kong ; Caritas Lok Heep Club ; Hong Kong Christian Kun Sun Association ; Wu Oi Christian Centre and the Prisoners &apos; Friends &apos; Association . they provide services such as casework , counselling , hostel accommodation , employment assistance , recreational activities and care for those with a history of mental illness .
said Mr Diong Tai Pew , vice-chairman of the association : &quot; we are concerned about the future of the Chinese language and the problems it faces . as a Chinese clan association , we see it as our duty to correct the bias and create a more favourable condition . our focus in the next five to 10 years is to raise the standard of Chinese and do our bits in nurturing a group of Chinese elites . &quot;
racial harmony should encompass three main factors : mutual respect , social harmony and good public security . the beneficiaries of racial harmony are the people of all in the society , but they , in turn , are also the sowers of the seeds of racial harmony . we reap the bountiful harvest of what we have sown . racial harmony is a hard-won prize treasured by all of us . no one should try to spoil it .
on June 10 , Kota Kinabalu Airport was packed with Nantah alumni who were returning either to Kuala Lumpur , Singapore , Indonesia or Hong Kong . some were on their way to visit Sandakan or other tourist spots in Sabah . it seemed as though the participants had come and left in great haste . nevertheless , the biennial event never fails to draw alumni from all over the world to meet and catch up with one another .
its night - vision camera was focused on a pinpoint of light in the distance , a three  storey hotel building , where it detected a great deal of movement . Turbaned men talked agitatedly outside among parked pick - up trucks and military vehicles . others moved in and out of the building . the drone &apos;s Controllers , thousands of miles away in a bunker on the eastern seaboard of America , knew who they were .
it is our view that the above mentioned points should be incorporated into22 the new international political and economic order whose establishment has been eagerly sought for by the people of all countries . the UN should and could play an important and unique role in this regard . it can be said that the realization of such a new international political and economic order will be the main hallmark of the better world we are to build together .
in view of the increasing number of river trade vessels operating between the Pearl River Delta and Hong Kong , the first dedicated River Trade Terminal ( RTT ) is being built at Tuen Mun in the North-West New Territories . this location means that many river trade vessels will be able to avoid the busy Ma wan Channel . the project is on target and phase one is due to start operating in the latter half of 1998 .
in reality , there are also men who enjoy doing what the women do -- housework , going to the market and cooking . men in Shanghai are said to belong to this type and they are often respectfully referred to as &quot; men in aprons . &quot; they regard housekeeping as their responsibility . career women who have husbands of this genre should consider themselves lucky as they do not have to worry about tending to their home .
in 1997 , the Privacy Commissioner &apos;s Office handled some 9 356 enquiries and 227 complaints relating to the Personal Data ( Privacy ) ordinance . it also undertook a variety of activities to promote compliance , awareness and understanding of the ordinance , including the approval of a code of practice on the identity card number and other personal identifiers , the production of fact sheets and other guidance material on various aspects of the ordinance &apos;s application .
in 1969 , Francis Chen-peng Hsu was installed as the first Chinese bishop of the Hong Kong diocese , and he was succeeded in 1973 by Peter Wang-kei Lei . the present bishop , John Baptist Cheng-chung Wu , was consecrated in 1975 , and was made Cardinal in 1988 . in December 1996 , two bishops were ordained to assist the Cardinal - Joseph Ze-kiun Zen as the Coadjutor Bishop and John Hong Tong as the auxiliary Bishop .
during these hard days I have been comforted by her Majesty my mother and by my family . the ministers of the crown , and in particular , Mr. Baldwin , the Prime Minister , have always treated me with full consideration . there has never been any constitutional difference between me and them and between me and Parliament . bred in the constitutional tradition by my father , I should never have allowed any such issue to arise .
during the reunification period , the HKTA worked closely with thegovernment &apos;s Information Services Department to help ensure theinternational news media representatives in Hong Kong to cover the eventreceived all necessary information . the association also operated a 24-hour , Media Services Booth at the Press and broadcast Centre in theHong Kong Convention and exhibition Centre , which received more than 1 720 enquiries . the association assisted in the organisation of some 28interviews with leading tourism industry figures .
different users of financial statements often have different needs . the multi-step format of the income statement is unlikely to suit all needs . some American companies took the lead to use the two-step format . in this format , the income statement contains basically two parts . the first part lists all sources of revenues while the second lists all kinds of expenses . a reader can prepare the income statement in any form to suit his purpose .
dams have been built for centuries in different parts of the world . modern dams are usually built of concrete , but earth dams were used in India and Sri Lanka about 2,500 years ago . there was another across the River Tigris very long ago , and large number of irrigation canals were made in Iraq to irrigate the land . the Romans were great dam-builders and there was also a famous dam at Ma &apos;rib in Arabia .
cultural oneness is timeless and political oneness has time limits . the historical evidence , I think , is persuasive enough for one to wonder whether an ideal of unity undifferentiated between cultural ecumenism and political oneness is at all attainable or even desirable . the corollary of that is China &apos;s cultural ecumenism is long and durable ; attempts to make it commensurate with political oneness have only produced entities of limited scales of time and of space .
call it the consumer culture infiltrated mindset or what , a great majority today looks to the presence of choice as the factor of our well-being.Sanctified institutions such as education and politics are hardly spared from this new outlook . granted that I personally see the current PAP-led government as one that I can feel proud of , there &apos;s still a nagging want to see what synergy can be evoked should there be a strong counterpart to PAP .
both articles maintained that the Chinese people did not genuinely stand up in 1949 when Mao made the declaration . it was a handful of &quot; communist upstarts &quot; who stood up , the statement being couched in Mao Zedong &apos;s nationalistic rhetoric , they argued.By contrast , they claimed , &quot; Taiwan has stood up &quot; as declared by Chen Shui-bian carried a real message of democracy , indicating that the Taiwanese people had become their own master .
as pointed out by Senior Minister Lee Kuan Yew as early as 1989 , well-trained and talented people are sought after by all countries . as every country is striving for a knowledge-based economy , the rivalry to win over people with expertise and skills has been intensifying . to stay on top of the increasingly keen competition , Singaporeans must be broad-minded enough to accept talent from all lands so as to possess sufficient human resources it needs .
as in the case of the revised textbook , visits by Japanese political leaders to the Yasukuni Shrine for the war dead are also an act of glorifying the past . the more its Asian neighbours oppose such behaviour , the more determined the Japanese political leaders are in doing things their way . Japanese often complain that their neighbours cling on to historical baggage . in fact , it is the Japanese themselves who are guilty of this .
as an advocate for compulsory education , I was disappointed to learn in August , that the Minister for Education would not consider introducing it . later , I was relieved that the Minister has reconsidered the issue and a committee headed by Dr. Aline Wong was set up to study the feasibility of compulsory education till Primary Four . following that , the press reported that the committee would now consider extending the compulsory period to six years .
Moody &apos;s has three levels of prime or investment grade ratings , divided into 10 subsidiary levels , from AAA , the top Prime-1 rating , to Baa3 , the bottom Prime-3 rating . Moody &apos;s then has three non-prime or speculative grade ratings , divided again into 11 subsidiary levels , from Ba1 to C. Standard &amp; Poors uses a very similar system , starting at AAA and ending at D , which indicates an issue in distress .
I still miss this diminutive dynamo with his bold , captivating nature , and I look for him everywhere , even now . in the summer , I keep the screen off a window in the sun room , hoping he might suddenly fly in for a shower or a sugary treat or just to visit for a shile . and who knows -- when fall next arrives , I might even have the pleasure of his company again .
Hong Kong &apos;s Jewish community dating from the 1840s , comprises families from various parts of the world and worships at three main congregations . daily services are held at the Ohel Leah synagogue ( orthodox ) , and Sabbath and festival services at the United Jewish Congregation of Hong Kong ( reform ) both in Robinson Road , Hong Kong Island . daily services are also held at the Chabad Lubavitch based in the Furama Hotel , Central .
Chinese officials have been coming to Singapore on learning trips in droves . ordinary Chinese are also fascinated by Singapore as a tourist spot . there have been numerous publications that make observations or heap praises on Singapore penned by some of the visitors . some Chinese cities have even looked to Singapore as a model and embarked on a process of &quot; cloning &quot; . in the eyes of many Chinese , Singapore is a near-perfect Garden City .
Anthony Cerami of the Kenneth S.Warren Laboratories in Tarrytown , N.Y. , suspected some 30 years ago that sugar affects how the body ages , based on observations of diabetics , who age rapidly . sugars are an essential source of energy , but once in circulation they can act as molecular glue , attaching themselves to the amino groups in tissue proteins and cross-linking them into hard yellow-brown compounds known as advanced glycation end products , or ages .
